Deceit sleeps with greed. - Viking saying
A cleaved head no longer plots. - Viking saying
No friend is he who but flatters. - Viking saying
Generous and brave men live the best. - Viking saying
Put to the sword those that disagree. - Viking saying
A wise man's heart is seldom cheerful. - Viking saying
The summer moments always pass quickly. - Viking saying
The slumbering wolf does not get the ham. - Viking saying
The wolf and the dog do not play together. - Viking saying
Fear the reckoning of those you have wronged. - Viking saying
A warrior can fight anything but fate and time. - Viking saying
The more renowned woman often has fewer rings. - Viking saying
Brawl with a pig and you go away with his stink. - Viking saying
Better to fight and fall than to live without hope. - Viking Saying
A soldier follows orders. A Warrior follows his heart. - Viking Saying
To a faithful friend, straight are the roads and short. - Viking saying
To be without silver is better than to be without honour. - Viking saying
To win any battle, you must fight as if you are already dead. - Viking saying
Power is only given to those who lower themselves to pick it up. - Viking saying
Do not count what you have lost. Count only what you still have. - Viking saying
It is better to stand and fight. If you run; you'll only die tired. - Viking saying
No better burden can a man carry on the road than a store of common sense. - Viking saying
There is mingling in friendship when man can utter all his whole mind to another. - Viking saying
Two heads cut off and thrown high into the tree have only the winds with which to scheme. - Viking saying
With his ears let him listen, and look with his eyes; thus each wise man spies out the way. - Viking saying
Even in the sheath, the sword must be sharp; so too must the mind and spirit be within the body. - Viking saying
Cattle die, kindred die, we ourselves also die; but the fair fame never dies of him who has earned it. - Viking saying
Cattle know when to go home, and then from grazing cease; but a foolish man never knows his stomach's measure. - Viking saying
Cattle die, kindred die, we ourselves also die; but I know one thing that never dies, - judgement on each one dead. - Viking saying
Cattle die, kinsmen die; the self must also die. I know one thing which never dies: the reputation of each dead man. - Viking saying
To his friend a man should be a friend, to him and to his friend; but of his foe no man shall the friend's friend be. - Viking saying
If you know a friend you can fully trust; go often to his house. Grass and brambles grow quickly upon the untrodden track. - Viking saying
He utters too many futile words who is never silent; a garrulous tongue, if it be not checked, sings often to its own harm. - Viking saying
A cowardly man thinks he will ever live, if warfare he avoids; but old age will give him no peace, though spears may spare him. - Viking saying
He should early rise, who another's property or life desires to have. Seldom a sluggish wolf gets prey, or a sleeping man victory. - Viking saying
A foolish man is all night awake, pondering over everything; he then grows tired; and when morning comes, all is lament as before. - Viking saying
A foolish man, if he acquires wealth or a woman's love, pride grows within him, but wisdom never: he goes on more and more arrogant. - Viking saying
Liberal and brave men live best, they seldom cherish sorrow; but a base-minded man dreads everything; the niggardly is uneasy even at gifts. - Viking saying
Long is and indirect the way to a bad friend's, though by the road he dwell; but to a good friend's the paths lie direct, though he be far away. - Viking saying
Early should rise he who has few workers, and go his work to see to; greatly is he retarded who sleeps the morn away. Wealth half depends on energy. - Viking saying
One's own house is best, small though it be, at home is every one his own master. Bleeding at heart is he, who has to ask for food at every meal-tide. - Viking saying
A foolish man, who among people comes, had best be silent; for no one knows that he knows nothing, unless he talks too much. He who previously knew nothing will still know nothing talk he ever so much. - Viking saying
Weakness is a choice. - Ancient Viking Proverb
Ignorance is a virtue. - Ancient Viking Proverb
Ignorantia non excusat. - Ancient Viking Proverb
Ignorance is no excuse. - Ancient Viking Proverb
Loyalty is its own reward. - Ancient Viking Proverb
The fish rots from the head. - Ancient Viking Proverb
Those who hesitate are lost. - Ancient Viking Proverb
A small mind is a tidy mind. - Ancient Viking Proverb
Be strong in your ignorance. - Ancient Viking Proverb
Pride is the Warrior's Curse. - Ancient Viking Proverb
An empty mind is a loyal mind. - Ancient Viking Proverb
Lost time is never found again. - Ancient Viking Proverb
Tolerance is a sign of weakness. - Ancient Viking Proverb
Wise words never left a dry throat. Ancient Viking Proverb
A liar is always lavish of oaths. - Ancient Viking Proverb
Knowledge is power, hide it well. - Ancient Viking Proverb
Intent alone, bears moral weight. - Ancient Viking Proverb
The rising tide raises all boats. - Ancient Viking Proverb
Wars are not won through timidity. - Ancient Viking Proverb
Knowledge is power, guard it well. - Ancient Viking Proverb
Unity comes to all things. In time. - Ancient Viking Proverb
Blood cannot be soaked up by bread. - Ancient Viking Proverb
True happiness stems only from duty. - Ancient Viking Proverb
The flesh is weak, but deeds endure. - Ancient Viking Proverb
Break one oath, and the rest crumble. - Ancient Viking Proverb
The flesh is weak, but deeds endure.  - Ancient Viking Proverb
There is nothing to fear but failure. - Ancient Viking Proverb
Half-measures are the refuge of fools. - Ancient Viking Proverb
Blessed is the mind too small to doubt. - Ancient Viking Proverb
A man's as miserable as he thinks he is. - Ancient Viking Proverb
Be prepared to appreciate what you meet. - Ancient Viking Proverb
Terror Breeds Obedience, but not loyalty. - Ancient Viking Proverb
Anger is a blindfold; a fools motivation. - Ancient Viking Proverb
A small mind is easily filled with faith. - Ancient Viking Proverb
The funniest people are the saddest ones. - Ancient Viking Proverb
Forget injuries, never forget kindnesses. - Ancient Viking Proverb
Only in duty, do we find true fulfillment. - Ancient Viking Proverb
The Known is but a shadow of the Knowable. - Ancient Viking Proverb
He hath need of his wits who wanders wide. - Ancient Viking Proverb
Silence is a true friend who never betrays. - Ancient Viking Proverb
Excuses are useless. Results are priceless. - Ancient Viking Proverb
Hope is the last recourse of the dissolute. - Ancient Viking Proverb
Education is no substitute for intelligence. - Ancient Viking Proverb
When anger rises, think of the consequences. - Ancient Viking Proverb
Knowledge is too great a burden for the weak. - Ancient Viking Proverb
Respect yourself and others will respect you. - Ancient Viking Proverb
Don't let perfect be the enemy of good enough. - Ancient Viking Proverb
Your honour is your life, let none dispute it. - Ancient Viking Proverb
Time flows away like the water in the river.	- Ancient Viking Proverb
Study the past, if you would divine the future. - Ancient Viking Proverb
You're a card which will have to be dealt with. - Ancient Viking Proverb
Hard work puts you where good luck can find you. - Ancient Viking Proverb
There is glory in obedience, Fitness in purpose. - Ancient Viking Proverb
The population needs deception, so deceive them. - Ancient Viking Proverb
The man who seeks revenge should dig two graves. - Ancient Viking Proverb
Into the fires of battle, unto the Anvil of War. - Ancient Viking Proverb
Follow your heart, but take your brain with you. - Ancient Viking Proverb
If you cannot succeed, strive to fail gracefully. - Ancient Viking Proverb
Victory needs no explanation, defeat allows none. - Ancient Viking Proverb
Who is wealthy? He who is happy with what he has. - Ancient Viking Proverb
Thought begets heresy; Heresy begets retribution. - Ancient Viking Proverb
You cannot open a book without learning something. - Ancient Viking Proverb
Only the wisest and stupidest of men never change. - Ancient Viking Proverb
A mind without purpose will wander in dark places. - Ancient Viking Proverb
Better a diamond with a flaw than a pebble without. - Ancient Viking Proverb
Good things come to those who go out and earn them. - Ancient Viking Proverb
Seek Honour as you act, and you shall know no fear. - Ancient Viking Proverb
The storm rises only so the thunderbolt may strike. - Ancient Viking Proverb
There is nothing is impossible to him who will try. - Ancient Viking Proverb
Even a man who has nothing can still give his life. - Ancient Viking Proverb
Success is commemorated, failure merely remembered. - Ancient Viking Proverb
A popular man arouses the jealousy of the powerful. - Ancient Viking Proverb
If you see something, say nothing; drink to forget! - Ancient Viking Proverb
Minds are like books, they only Function when open. - Ancient Viking Proverb
To forget a mistake is to be defeated a second time. - Ancient Viking Proverb
There is no greater waste, than that of wasted time. - Ancient Viking Proverb
And remember, no matter where you go, there you are. - Ancient Viking Proverb
Hold faithfulness and sincerity as first principles. - Ancient Viking Proverb
The rewards of tolerance are treachery and betrayal. - Ancient Viking Proverb
Hope is the first step on the road to disappointment. - Ancient Viking Proverb
A lion does not lose sleep over the opinion of sheep. - Ancient Viking Proverb
Courage is like a muscle, it is strengthened with use. - Ancient Viking Proverb
Only the awkward question; only the foolish ask twice. - Ancient Viking Proverb
Refusing to decide, is the worst decision you can make. - Ancient Viking Proverb
Strong people don't put others down, they lift them up. - Ancient Viking Proverb
If you expect gratitude, you'll seldom be disappointed. - Ancient Viking Proverb
Real knowledge is to know the extent of one’s ignorance. - Ancient Viking Proverb
Embrace death without regret. Embrace life without fear. - Ancient Viking Proverb
We can shape our destiny, but we cannot escape our fate. - Ancient Viking Proverb
War is Peace, Freedom is Slavery, Ignorance is Strength. - Ancient Viking Proverb
It is remarkable how many things you can get to explode. - Ancient Viking Proverb
The only way to guarantee failure is to never try at all. - Ancient Viking Proverb
The difference between heresy and treachery is ignorance. - Ancient Viking Proverb
The only good is knowledge and the only evil is ignorance. - Ancient Viking Proverb
Before you embark on a journey of revenge, dig two graves. - Ancient Viking Proverb
To see what is right and not do it is the worst cowardice. - Ancient Viking Proverb
Do not underestimate the power of impression over reality. - Ancient Viking Proverb
It is a great thing to take any step that leads us onwards. - Ancient Viking Proverb
There is no such thing as innocence, only degrees of guilt. - Ancient Viking Proverb
What you do not want done to yourself, do not do to others. - Ancient Viking Proverb
An excess of emotion is as much a weakness as a lack of it. - Ancient Viking Proverb
Parting with friends is a sadness. A place is only a place. - Ancient Viking Proverb
Laziness fuels more laziness. Activity fuels more activity. - Ancient Viking Proverb
Do something today that your future self will thank you for. - Ancient Viking Proverb
To be wealthy and honored in an unjust society is a disgrace. - Ancient Viking Proverb
Prepare your child for the path, not the path for your child. - Ancient Viking Proverb
There's no secret to balance. You just have to feel the waves. - Ancient Viking Proverb
The eye that looks ahead to the safe course is closed forever. - Ancient Viking Proverb
Life is really simple, but we insist on making it complicated. - Ancient Viking Proverb
What we learn from others must chime with something within us. - Ancient Viking Proverb
Any road followed precisely to its end leads precisely nowhere. - Ancient Viking Proverb
The beginning of wisdom is to call things by their proper name. - Ancient Viking Proverb
It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop. - Ancient Viking Proverb
Follow up a victory by striking quickly, and you will win another - Ancient Viking Proverb
I hear and I forget. I see and I remember. I do and I understand. - Ancient Viking Proverb
War is the rich man's terrorism. Terrorism is the poor man's war. -  Ancient Viking Proverb
Without knowing the force of words, it is impossible to know more. - Ancient Viking Proverb
The man who moves a mountain begins by carrying away small stones. - Ancient Viking Proverb
He who knows all the answers has not been asked all the questions. - Ancient Viking Proverb
You cannot save money. you can either risk it, use it, or lose it. - Ancient Viking Proverb
A man without a vision for his future, always returns to his past. - Ancient Viking Proverb
That which is unknown and unseen always commands the greatest fear. - Ancient Viking Proverb
The only time you run out of chances, is when you stop taking them. - Ancient Viking Proverb
Victory is simply the accumulation of countless unimportant events. - Ancient Viking Proverb
If you wait for perfect conditions, you'll never get anything done. - Ancient Viking Proverb
Treat servers like cattle, not pets. If they're ill, put them down. - Ancient Viking Proverb
If people are trying to bring you down, it means you are above them. - Ancient Viking Proverb
On the journey of finding the right balance, you will find yourself. - Ancient Viking Proverb
Doubt is the open gate through which slips the most fatal of enemies. - Ancient Viking Proverb
Religion is an advertising campaign for a product that doesn't exist. - Ancient Viking Proverb
Consideration for others is the basis of a good life, a good society. - Ancient Viking Proverb
Never contract friendship with a man that is not better than thyself. - Ancient Viking Proverb
An open mind is like a fortress with its gates unbarred and unguarded. - Ancient Viking Proverb
Alone, a warrior cannot truly finish a battle; but he can start a war. - Ancient Viking Proverb
Pain is an illusion of the senses, despair is an illusion of the mind. - Ancient Viking Proverb
If you make a mistake and do not correct it, this is called a mistake. - Ancient Viking Proverb
Music produces a kind of pleasure which human nature cannot do without. - Ancient Viking Proverb
A man may die, and yet endure if his work enters into the greater work. - Ancient Viking Proverb
To know what you know and what you do not know, that is true knowledge. - Ancient Viking Proverb
Education breeds confidence. Confidence breeds hope. Hope breeds peace. - Ancient Viking Proverb
In order for non-violence to work, your opponent must have a conscience. - Ancient Viking Proverb
It is more shameful to distrust our friends than to be deceived by them. - Ancient Viking Proverb
A dream without a goal is a wish. A goal without a plan is just a dream. - Ancient Viking Proverb
Discipline is choosing between what you want now and what you want most. - Ancient Viking Proverb
The miracle is not that we do this work, but that we are happy to do it. - Ancient Viking Proverb
There are only two days where nothing can be done: Yesterday and Tomorrow. - Ancient Viking Proverb
The mystery of life isn't a problem to solve, but a reality to experience. - Ancient Viking Proverb
The difference between who you are and who you want to be, is what you do. - Ancient Viking Proverb
The superior man thinks always of virtue; the common man thinks of comfort. - Ancient Viking Proverb
You never know how strong you are until strong is the only choice you have. - Ancient Viking Proverb
Big jobs usually go to those who prove their ability to outgrow small ones. - Ancient Viking Proverb
Staying neutral while a fire is raging is standing with the ones who lit it. - Ancient Viking Proverb
From small acorns of incorrectness mighty oaks of misunderstanding may grow. - Ancient Viking Proverb
The best time to plant a tree was 20 years ago. The second best time is now. - Ancient Viking Proverb
The problem is not the problem, the problem is your attitude to the problem. - Ancient Viking Proverb
Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall. - Ancient Viking Proverb
You should take the approach that you're wrong. Your goal is to be less wrong. -Ancient Viking Proverb
The gem cannot be polished without friction, nor man perfected without trials. - Ancient Viking Proverb
Even if you are on the right track, you'll get run over if you just sit there. - Ancient Viking Proverb
I'd rather be a failure at something I love than a success at something I hate. - Ancient Viking Proverb
If what one has to say is not better than silence, then one should keep silent. - Ancient Viking Proverb
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, therefore, is not an act, but a habit. - Ancient Viking Proverb
Youcan avoid reality, but you cannot avoid the consequences of avoiding reality. - Ancient Viking Proverb
The revolution is not an apple that falls when it is ripe. You must make it fall. - Ancient Viking Proverb
What the superior man seeks is in himself; what the small man seeks is in others. - Ancient Viking Proverb
When you are bowing your head to one person, you are showing your ass to another. - Ancient Viking Proverb
Men are not responsible for their dotage anymore than they are for their infancy. - Ancient Viking Proverb
Curiosity is an infection to be quarantined, and dashed against the rocks of duty. - Ancient Viking Proverb
Science is made up of so many things that appear obvious after they are explained. - Ancient Viking Proverb
No Happiness without order, No order without authority, No authority without unity. - Ancient Viking Proverb
Do not be trapped by the need to achieve anything. This way, you achieve everything. - Ancient Viking Proverb
Time crumbles things; everything grows old and is forgotten under the power of time. - Ancient Viking Proverb
The risk of confinement to a single planet, outweighs the cost of interstellar travel. - Ancient Viking Proverb
Our doubts are traitors, and make us lose the good we might win, by fearing the attempt - Ancient Viking Proverb
Don’t complain about the snow on your neighbor’s roof when your own doorstep is unclean. - Ancient Viking Proverb
A beginning is the time for taking the most delicate care that the balances are correct. - Ancient Viking Proverb
A gift consists not in what is done or given, but in the intention of the giver or doer. - Ancient Viking Proverb
Power has no limits. Every morsel of power engenders more hunger; it is never satisfied. - Ancient Viking Proverb
You are scrupulously honest, frank, and straightforward.  Therefore you have few friends. - Ancient Viking Proverb
Attack the evil that is within yourself, rather than attacking the evil that is in others. - Ancient Viking Proverb
If you're not pushing the envelope and trying new things, you really aren't trying that hard. - Ancient Viking Proverb
Being able to deduct your mortgage from your taxes, but not your rent is a form of class war. - Ancient Viking Proverb
The hardest thing of all is to find a black cat in a dark room, especially if there is no cat. - Ancient Viking Proverb
The supreme art of war, is to subdue your enemy by having him fight his allies instead of you. - Ancient Viking Proverb
He who learns but does not think, is lost! He who thinks but does not learn is in great danger. - Ancient Viking Proverb
The more man meditates upon good thoughts, the better will be his world and the world at large. - Ancient Viking Proverb
The man who asks a question is a fool for a minute, the man who does not ask is a fool for life. - Ancient Viking Proverb
Good intentions can bring about as much destruction as evil. Either way, the result is the same. - Ancient Viking Proverb
It's completely intuitive; it just takes a few days to learn, but then it's completely intuitive. - Ancient Viking Proverb
No battle was ever won that was poorly planned. No plan ever succeeded that was poorly conceived. - Ancient Viking Proverb
Liberals will always side with fascists over socialists, because fascism doesn't threaten capital. - Ancient Viking Proverb
Try looking into that place where you dare not look! You'll find yourself there, staring out at you. - Ancient Viking Proverb
Success depends upon previous preparation, and without such preparation there is sure to be failure. - Ancient Viking Proverb
I will not be concerned at other men’s not knowing me; I will be concerned at my own want of ability. - Ancient Viking Proverb
When it is obvious that the goals cannot be reached, don’t adjust the goals, adjust the action steps. - Ancient Viking Proverb
If you tell the truth, it becomes a part of your past. But, if you lie, it becomes a part of your future. - Ancient Viking Proverb
Everyone you meet is fighting a battle you don't know about. Attack them. Now they're fighting two battles. - Ancient Viking Proverb
No one is ever completely forced into his position in life. We all have opportunities to take different paths. - Ancient Viking Proverb
The man of wisdom is never of two minds; the man of benevolence never worries; the man of courage is never afraid. - Ancient Viking Proverb
Everyone loves an honest person until the honest person strikes a chord with a truth they weren't ready to receive. - Ancient Viking Proverb
You must remember, the most important rule of any successful illusion: First, the people must want to believe in it. - Ancient Viking Proverb
People are losing the spirit of the Ides of March. It's not about just stabbing. It's about coming together to stab in groups. - Ancient Viking Proverb
Discovery is dangerous... But so is life. A man unwilling to take risk is doomed never to learn, never to grow, never to live. - Ancient Viking Proverb
When you see a good person, think of becoming like her/him. When you see someone not so good, reflect on your own weak points. - Ancient Viking Proverb
If some years were added to my life, I would give fifty to the study of the Yi, and then I might come to be without great faults. - Ancient Viking Proverb
If you think in terms of a year, plant a seed; if in terms of ten years, plant trees; if in terms of 100 years, teach the people. - Ancient Viking Proverb
You can close your eyes to the things you don't want to see, but you cannot close your heart to the things you don't want to feel. - Ancient Viking Proverb
A process cannot be understood by stopping it. Understanding must move with the flow of the process, must join it and flow with it. - Ancient Viking Proverb
It is not the failure of others to appreciate your abilities that should trouble you, but rather your failure to appreciate theirs. - Ancient Viking Proverb
In a country well governed, poverty is something to be ashamed of. In a country badly governed, wealth is something to be ashamed of. - Ancient Viking Proverb
The mine owners do not find the gold, they do not mine the gold, they do not mill the gold, but by some weird alchemy all the gold belongs to them. - Ancient Viking Proverb
The superior man is distressed by the limitations of his ability; he is not distressed by the fact that men do not recognize the ability that he has. - Ancient Viking Proverb
To practice five things under all circumstances constitutes perfect virtue; these five are gravity, generosity of soul, sincerity, earnestness, and kindness. - Ancient Viking Proverb
The pursuit of knowledge rivals the pursuit of beauty in its arrogance; both quests are borne of hubris, yet of the two the sin of curiosity cuts deeper and leaves the greater wound. - Ancient Viking Proverb
It is easy to hate and it is difficult to love. This is how the whole scheme of things works. All good things are difficult to achieve; and bad things are very easy to get. - Ancient Viking ProverbKnowledge is a Continuum. - Ancient Viking Proverb
Le derecha oprime, la izquierda libera. - Spanish saying
The right oppresses, the left liberates. - Spanish saying
The rich would have to eat money if the poor did not provide food. - Russian proverb
If you want to go fast, go alone, If you want to go far, go together. - African proverb
When a clown moves into a palace, he does not becoma a king; the palace becomes a circus. - Turkish proverb
Above all, do not lie to yourself. - Fyodor Dostoyevsky
Your worst sin is that you have destroyed and betrayed yourself for nothing. - Fyodor Dostoyevsky
The man who has a conscience suffers whilst acknowledging his sin. That is his punishment. - Fyodor Dostoyevsky
Mistakes are proof that you are trying. - Ernest Hemingway
I drink to make other people interesting. - Ernest Hemingway
It takes two years to learn to speak and sixty years to learn to keep quiet. - Ernest Hemingway
It's frightful that people who are so ignorant should hae so much influence. - George Orwell
The most effective way to destroy people, is to deny and obliterate their own understanding of their history. - George Orwell
Football, beer, and above all, gambling filled up the horizon of their minds. To keep them in control was not difficult. - George Orwell, 1984
Education isn't something you can finish. - Isaac Asimov (1920 - 1992)
The saddest aspect of life right now is that sciemce gatherss knowledge faster than society gathers wisdom. - Isaac Asimov (1920 - 1992)
I prefer rationalism to atheism. The question of God and other objects-of-faith are outside reason and play no part in rationalism, thus you don't have to waste your time in either attacking or defending. - Isaac Asimov (1920 - 1992)
A high degree of intellect tends to make a man unsocial. - Arthur Schopenhauer
If you want to reach a large audience, appeal to idiots. - Arthur Schopenhauer
Talent hits a target no one else can hit. Genius hits a target no one else can see. - Arthur Schopenhauer
Rich man's wealth, poor man's blood. - Nabaz
Nullius in verba - Motto of The Royal Society
One day or day one. You decide. - Paolo Coelho
On the word of no one - Motto of The Royal Society
Lost time is never found again. - Benjamin Franklin
Prejudices are what fools use for reason. - Voltaire
Opportunities multiply as they are seized. - Sun Tzu
The boldest measures are the safest. - Horatio Nelson
Freedom is never given; it is won. - A. Philip Randolph
Success demands a singleness of purpose - Vince Lombardi
The purpose of life is a life of purpose. - Robert Byrne
The worst enemy to creativity is self-doubt. - Sylvia Plath
A mistake repeated more than once is a choice. - Paolo Coelho
Action is the foundational key to all success. - Pablo Picasso
Money doesn't change men, it merely unmasks them. - Henry Ford
You can knock on a deaf man's door forever. - Nikos Kazantzakis
Every word has conseuences. Every silence too. - Jean-Paul Sartre
Have no fear of perfection; you'll never reach it. - Salvador Dalí
When the rich wage war, it is the poor who die. - Jean-Paul Sartre
A beautiful woman should break her mirror early. - Baltasar Gracian
Every saint has a past, and every sinner has a future. - Oscar Wilde
It is difficult to free fools from the chains they revere. - Voltaire
Our sins are more easily remembered than our good deeds. - Democritus
Facts do not cease to exist because they are ignored. - Aldous Huxley
An idiot with a plan can beat a genius without a plan. - Warren Buffet
Work is the refuge of those who have nothing better to do. - Oscar Wilde
Only those who dare go too far, know how far they can go. - Walther Bishop
There is no truth in the news. And no news in the truth. - Old Russian Joke
The paradise of the rich is made out of the hell of the poor. - Victor Hugo
Everyone pities the weak; Jealousy you have to earn. - Arnold Schwarzenegger
A mind is like a parachute. It doesn't work if it is not open. - Frank Zappa
I prefer liberty with danger than peace with slavery. - Jean Jacques Rousseau
A truth can walk naked, but a lie always needs to be dressed. - Khalil Gibran
The comfort of the rich depends on an abundant supply of the poor. - Voltaire
Don't be pushed by your problems. Be led by your dreams. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Capitalism reduces human relationships to transactions. - Karl Marx (1818-1883)
Nowadays people know the price of everything and value of nothing. - Oscar Wilde
Never underestimate the power of stupid people in a large group. - George Carlin
Never argue with someone whose TV is bigger than their bookshelf. - Emilia Clarke
You won't find the same person twice, not even in the same person. - Mahmoud Darwish
The state calls its own violence law; but that of the individual crime - Saw Gererra
Knowing is not enough, we must apply. Willing is not enough, we must do. - Bruce Lee
Nothing is more terrible than to see ignorance in action. - Johann Wolfgang Von Goethe
Talk not of wasted affection; affection never was wasted. - Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
Temper is what gets most of us into trouble. Pride is what keeps us there. - Mark Twain
When you change the way you look at things, the things you look at change. - Max Planck
The end of capitalissm will usher in a new era of human freedom. - Karl Marx (1818-1883)
Never be deceived that the rich will permit you to vote away their wealth. - Lucy Parsons
Your enemy is not the refugee. Your enemy is the one who made him a refugee. - Willie Nelson
When the power of love overcomes the love of power the world will know peace. - Jimi Hendrix
Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about things that matter. - Martin Luther King
If you want to know who controls you, look at who you are not allowed to criticize. - Voltaire
A reader lives a thousand lives before he dies. The man who never reads lives only one. - GRRM
True ignorance is not the absence of knowledge, but the refusal to acquire it. - Karl R. Popper
Imitation is the sincerest form of flattery that mediocrity can pay to greatness. - Oscar Wilde
People settle for a level of despair they can tolerate and call it happiness. - Søren Kierkegård
Every sentence I utter must be understood not as an affirmation, but as a question. - Niels Bohr
Many people die at twenty five and aren't buried until they are seventy five. - Benjamin Franklin
The pursuit of perfection is not the addition of qualities, but the removal of flaws. - Bruce Lee
I don't care that they stole my idea. I care that they don't have any of their own. - Nikola Tesla
The thing about smart people is that they seem like crazy people to dumb people. - Stephen Hawking
If you see distraction externally, you end up creating an internally distracted state. - Tim Ferris
I was born not knowing and have had only a little time to change that here and there. - Richard Feynman
There are only two hard things in Computer Science: cache invalidation and naming things. - Phil Karlton
Before you heal someone, ask him if he is willing to give up the things that make him sick. - Hippocrates
The supreme art of war, is to subdue your enemy by having him fight his allies instead of you. - Putin Tsu
Only a fool learns from his own mistakes. The wise man learns from the mistakes of others. - Otto von Bismarck
The world would be happier if men had the same capacity to be silent that they have to speak. - Baruch Spinoza
Competition is the law of the jungle, but cooperation is the law of civilization. - Peter Kropotkin (1842-1921)
The problem is people are being hated when they are real, and are being loved thwne they are fake. - Bob Marley
To think is easy. To act is difficult. To act as one thinks is the most difficult. - Johann Wolfgang Von Goethe
I propose to raise a revolution against the lie that the majority has the monopoly of the truth. - Henrik Ibsen
Labor in a white skin cannot emancipate itself while labor in the black skin is branded. - Karl Marx (1818-1883)
Politicians should wear sponsor jackets like NASCAR drivers, then we would know who owns them. - Robbie Williams
I would rather have questions that cannot be answered, than answers that cannot be questioned. - Richard Feynman
Blessed is the man who, having nothing to say, adstains from giving us wordy evidence of the fact. - George Eliot
The purpose of propagande is to make one set of people forget that other sets of people are human. - Aldous huxley
Because a body of men, holding themselves accountable to nobody, ought not to be trusted by anybody. - Thomas Paine
If you have chosen neutrality in situations of injustice, you have chosen the side of the oppressor. - Desmond Tutu
Do not lose your temper when arguing, for anger weakens your arguments and strengthens your opponent. Ibn Al-Muqaffa
The general population doesssn't know what's happening, and it doesn't even know that it doesn't know. - Noam Chomsky
People do not seem to realize that their opinion of the world is also a confession of character. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
People demand freedom of speech as a compensation for the freedom of thought which they seldom use. - Søren Kierkegård
To myself I am only a child playing on the beach, while vast oceans of truth lie undiscovered before me. - Isaac Newton
Never be a spectator of unfairness or stupidity. The grave will supply plenty of time for silence. - Christopher Hitchens
Book and all forms of writing have always been objects of terror to those who seek to supporess the truth. - Wole Soyinka
Two possibilities exist: either we are alone in the universe or we are not. Both are equally terrifying. - Arthur C Clarke
You meet saints everywhere. They can be anywhere. They are people behaving decently in an indecent society. - Kurt Vonnegut
The trouble with the world is the stupid people are cocksure and the intelligent people are full of doubt. - Bertrand Russell
You can't lead the people if you dont love the people. You can't save the people if you don't serve the people. - Cornel West
Capitalism has always been a failure for the lower classes. It is now beginning to fail for the middle classes. - Howard Zinn
Marxism remains the philosophy of our times because we have not gone beyond the circumstances which created it. - Jean-Paul Sartre
Your enemy isn't carrying all their belongings in a plastic bag. Your enemy is carrying an investment portfolio. - Liam Cunningham
if you kill a cockroach you are a hero, if you kill a butterfly you are evil. Morals have aesthetic criteria. - Friedrich Nietzsche
Whenever someone says "Like a boss", I assume that means they didn't do it at all and are merely taking credit for it. - Bill Murray
It is foolish to be convinced without evidence, but it is equally foolish to refuse to be convinced by real evidence. - Upton Sinclair
You can sway a thousand men by appealing to their prejudices quicker than you can convince a single man by logic. - Robert A. Heinlein
When it comes to  revolutionaries, trust only the sad ones. The enthusiastic ones are the oppressors of tomorrow. - William T. Vollman
People who talk incessantly about "change" are often dogmatically set in their ways. They want to change other people. - Thomas Sowell
The society that separates its scholars from its warriers will have its thinking done by cowards and its fighting by fools. - Thucydes
It is undesirable to believe a proposition when there is no ground whatsoever for supposing it is true. - Bertrand Russell (1872 - 1970)
The less talent the have, the more pride, vanity and arrogance they have. All these fools, however, find other fools who applaud them. - Erasmus
War is a game played by maniacs who kill each other. Find the man who profits by war and strip him of his profits - war will end. - Woody Guthrie
It is usually futile to try to talk facts and analysis to people who are enjoying a sense of moral superiority in their ignorance. - Thomas Sowell
There are two kinds of people who never amount to much: Those who cannot do what they are told, and those who can do nothing else. - Cyrus Kotzschmar
There must be something rotten in the very core of a social system which increases its wealth without diminishing its misery. - Karl Marx (1818-1883)
The worst sin towards our fellow-creatures is not to hate them, but to be indifferent to them; that's the essence of inhumanity. - George Bernard Shaw
If you are willing to abandon your principles for convenience or social acceptability, they are not principles. They are your costume. - Nitya Prakash
I don't like country music but I don't mea to denigrate those who do. And for the pople who like country music, deigrate means 'put down'.  Bob Newhart
Politically, the weakness of the argument has alwys been that those who choose the lesser evil forget very quickly that they chose evil. - Hannah Arendt
If you are not careful, the newspapers will have you hating the people who are oppressed, and loving the people who are doing the oppressing. - Malcolm X
Talking union is the best kind of talking you can do; Union in your house. Union in your street. Union in your town. Union around the workd. - Woody Guthrie
Nobody in the world, nobody in history, has ever gotten their freedom by appealing to the moral sense of the people who were oppressing them. - Assata Shakur
When I critisize a system, they think I critisize them - & that is of course because they  fully accept the system & identify themselves with it. - Thomas Merton
I don't have talent, I have tenacity, I have discipline, I have focus. I know, without any delusion, where I come from and where I can go back to. - Henry Rollins
Capitalism is the extraordinary belief that the nastiest of men for the nastiest of motives will somehow work together for the benefit of all. - John Maynard Keynes
I prefer to be true to myself, even at athe hazard of incurring the ridicule of others, rather than to be false, and to incur my own abhorrence. - Frederick Douglas
Experience has taught me that the shallowest of communist platitudes contains more of a hierarchy of meaning than a contemporary bourgeois profundity. - Walter Benjamin
But you can't make people listen. They have to come round in their own time, wondering what happened and why the world blew up under them. - Ray Bradbury (Fahrenheit 451)
A stuppid man's report of what a clever man says is never accurate, because he unconsciously translates what he hears into something that he can understand. - Bertrand Russel
Working class people around the world have no innate desire to go to war with each other. They have to be conned into it by the sociopaths who will profit from it. - John Lennon
Accumulation of wealth at one pole is at the same time accumulation of misery, agony of toil, slavery, ignorance, brutality, mental degradation, at the opposite pole. - Karl Marx (1818-1883)
And the congregation of those who believed were of one heart and soul; and not one of them claimed that anything belonging to him was his own, but all things were common property to them. - Acts 4:32
The West won the worls not by superiority of its ideas or religion... but rather by its superiority in applying organized violence. Westerners often forget that fact; non-Westerners never do. - Samuel P. Huntington
Communism deprives no man of the power to appropriate the products of society; all that it does is to deprive him of the power to subjugate the labour of others by means of such appropriation. - Karl Marx (1818-1883)
Give people what they need: food, medicine, clean air, pure water, trees and grass, homes to live in, some hours of work, more hours of leisure. Don't ask who deserves it. Every human being deserves it. - Howard Zinn
If you accomplish something good with hard work, the labor passes quickly, but the good endures; if you do something shameful in pursuit  of pleasure, the pleasure passes quickly, but the shame endures. - Gaius Musonius Rufus
The problem isn't a lack of money, food, water or land. The problem is that you've given over control of these things to a group of greedy psychopaths who care more about maintaining their own power than helping mankind. - Bill Hicks
The first rule of any technology used in a business is that automation applied to an efficient operation will magnify the efficiency. The second is that automation applied to an inefficient operation will magnify the inefficiency. - Bill Gates
So avoid using the word 'very' because it is lazy. A man is not very tired, he is exhausted. Don't use very sad, use morose. Language was invented for one reason, boys - too woo women - and, in that endeavour, laziness will not do. - Robbie Williams
I told you once that I was searching for the nature of evil. I think I've come close to defining it: a lack of empathy. It's the one characteristic that connects all the defendants. A genuine incapacity to feel with their fellow man. Evil, I think, is the absence of empathy. - G. M Gilbert
Be bad, but at least don't be a liar, a deceiver. - Leo Tolstoy
Nothing is so necessary for a young man as the company of intelligent women. - Leo Tolstoy
I sit on a man's back choking him and making him carry me, and yet I assure myself and others that I am sorry for him and wish to lighten his load by all means possible... Except by getting off his back. - Leo Tolstoy
In the middle of difficulty lies opportunity. - Albert Einstein (1879 - 1955)
This crippling of individuals I consider the worst evils of capitalism. - Albert Einstein (1879 - 1955)
The idea of a personal God is quite alien to me and seems even naive. - Albert Einstein (1879 - 1955)
For me, the Jewish religion like all other religions is an incarnation of the most childish superstitions. - Albert Einstein (1879 - 1955)
The real purpose of socialism is precisely to overcome and advance beyond the predatory phase of human development. - Albert Einstein (1879 - 1955)
There will come a time when the rich will own all the media, and it will be impossible for the public to make an informed opinion. - Albert Einstein (1879 - 1955)
The contemplation of this world beckoned as a liberation. The road to this paradise was not as comfortable and alluring as the road to the religious paradise; but it has shown itself reliable, and I have never regretted having chosen it. - Albert Einstein (1879 - 1955)
I am convinced there is only one way to eliminate these grave evils, namely through the establishment of a socialist economy, accompanied by an educational system which would be orientated toward social goals. In such an economy, the means of production are owned by society itself and are utilisedin a planned fashion. - Albert Einstein (1879 - 1955)
I cannot imagine a God who rewards and punishes the objects of his creation, whose purposes are modelled after our own - a God, in short, who is but a reflection of human frailty. Neither can I believe that the individual survives the death of his body, although feeble souls harbour such thoughts through fear or ridiculous egotism. - Albert Einstein (1879 - 1955)
It was, of course, a lie what you read about my religious convictions, a lie which is being systematically repeated. I do not believe in a personal God and I have never denied this but have expressed it clearly. If something is in me which can be called religious then it is the unbounded admiration for the structure of the world so far as our science can reveal it. - Albert Einstein (1879 - 1955)
This crippling of individuals I consider the worst evils of capitalism. Our whole education system suffers from this evil. An exaggertaed competitive attitude is inculcated into the student, who is trained to worship acquisitive success as a preparation for his future career. I am convinced there is only one way to eliminate these grave evils, namely through the establishment of a socialist economy, accompanied by an educational system which would be oriented toward social goals. - Albert Einstein (1879 - 1955)
Self power exists as pure belonging - Wisdom of Chopra
The soul is the path to objective belonging - Wisdom of Chopra
Perceptual reality opens unparalleled success - Wisdom of Chopra
The ego is the foundation of subjective abstract beauty - Wisdom of Chopra
Everything arises and subsides in an abundance of balance - Wisdom of Chopra
Non-judgment arises and subsides in the progressive expansion of excellence - Wisdom of Chopra
Beware of the person of only one book. - Thomas Aquinas
No evil can be excused because it was done with good intentions. - Thomas Aquinas
No great thing is created suddenly. - Epictetus
No man is free who is not master of himself. - Epictetus
Circumstances don't make the man, they only reveal him to himself. - Epictetus
Wealth consists not in having great possessions, but in having few wants. - Epictetus
If one oversteps the bounds of moderation, the greatest pleasures cease to please. - Epictetus
Man is not worried by real problems so much as by his imagined anxiety about real problems. - Epictetus
The key is to keep company only with people who uplift you, whose presence calls forth your best. - Epictetus
It takes more than just a good looking body. You've got to have the heart and soul to go with it. - Epictetus
He is a wise man who does not grieve for what he doesn't have, but rejoices for that which he has. - Epictetus
When someone is properly grounded in life, they shouldn't have to look outside themsselves for approval. - Epictetus
For sheep don't throw up the grass to show the shepherds how much they have eaten; but, inwardly digesting their food, they outwardly produce wool and milk. - Epictetus
One should aim not at being possible to understand, but at being impossible to misunderstand. - Quintilian
He who is brave is free. - Lucius Annaeus Seneca
Timendi causa est nescire - Lucius Annaeus Seneca
No man was ever wise by chance - Lucius Annaeus Seneca
Ignorance is the cause of fear. - Lucius Annaeus Seneca
The sun also shines on the wicked. - Lucius Annaeus Seneca
All cruelty springs from weakness. - Lucius Annaeus Seneca
While we wait for life, life passes - Lucius Annaeus Seneca
Life is long, if you know how to use it. - Lucius Annaeus Seneca
We learn not in the school, but in life. - Lucius Annaeus Seneca
He who spares the wicked injures the good. - Lucius Annaeus Seneca
A kingdom founded on injustice never lasts. - Lucius Annaeus Seneca
Success consecrates the most offensive crimes. - Lucius Annaeus Seneca
Shame may restrain what law does not prohibit. - Lucius Annaeus Seneca
To wish to be well is a part of becoming well. - Lucius Annaeus Seneca
To err is human, but to persist is diabolical. - Lucius Annaeus Seneca
As long as you live, keep learning how to live. - Lucius Annaeus Seneca
errare humanum est, sed perseverare diabolicum. - Lucius Annaeus Seneca
Nothing is more honorable than a grateful heart. - Lucius Annaeus Seneca
We suffer more often in imagination than in reality - Lucius Annaeus Seneca
The wish for healing has always been half of health. - Lucius Annaeus Seneca
Associate with people who are likely to improve you. - Lucius Annaeus Seneca
Fate leads the willing and drags along the reluctant. - Lucius Annaeus Seneca
Wealth is the slave of a wise man. The master of a fool - Lucius Annaeus Seneca
There are times when even to live is an act of bravery. - Lucius Annaeus Seneca
So I look for the best and am prepared for the opposite. - Lucius Annaeus Seneca
Luck is what happens when preparation meets opportunity. - Lucius Annaeus Seneca
A person's fears are lighter when the danger is at hand. - Lucius Annaeus Seneca
A corrupt state teachess its youth obedience, not virtue. - Lucius Annaeus Seneca
Difficulties strengthen the mind, as labor does the body. - Lucius Annaeus Seneca
Leisure without books is death, and burial of a man alive. - Lucius Annaeus Seneca
It is a rough road that leads to the heights of greatness. - Lucius Annaeus Seneca
Every new beginning comes from some other beginning's end. - Lucius Annaeus Seneca
The less we deserve good fortune, the more we hope for it. - Lucius Annaeus Seneca
It is a rough road that leads to the heights of greatness. - Lucius Annaeus Seneca
He who does not prevent a crime when he can, encourages it. - Lucius Annaeus Seneca
The day we fear as our last is but the birthday of eternity. - Lucius Annaeus Seneca
I am not born for one corner; the whole world is my native land. - Lucius Annaeus Seneca
If a man knows not to which port he sails, no wind is favorable. - Lucius Annaeus Seneca
Enjoy present pleasures in such a way as not to injure future ones. - Lucius Annaeus Seneca
He suffers more than necessary, who suffers before it is necessary. - Lucius Annaeus Seneca
I shall never be ashamed of citing a bad author if the line is good. - Lucius Annaeus Seneca
Often a very old man has no other proof of his long life than his age. - Lucius Annaeus Seneca
...pleasures, when they go beyond a certain limit, are but punishments… - Lucius Annaeus Seneca
Wherever there is a human being, there is an opportunity for a kindness. - Lucius Annaeus Seneca
See how many are better off than you are, but consider how many are worse. - Lucius Annaeus Seneca
A gem cannot be polished without friction, nor a man perfected without trials. - Lucius Annaeus Seneca
It is not the man who has too little, but the man who craves more, that is poor. - Lucius Annaeus Seneca
As is a tale, so is life: not how long it is, but how good it is, is what matters. - Lucius Annaeus Seneca
You act like mortals in all that you fear, and like immortals in all that you desire - Lucius Annaeus Seneca
It does not matter how many books you have, but how good the books are which you have. - Lucius Annaeus Seneca
Life is like a play: it's not the length, but the excellence of the acting that matters. - Lucius Annaeus Seneca
Hang on to your youthful enthusiasms -- you'll be able to use them better when you're older. - Lucius Annaeus Seneca
Expecting is the greatest impediment to living. In anticipation of tomorrow, it loses today. - Lucius Annaeus Seneca
Religion is regarded by the common people as true, by the wise as false, and by rulers as useful. - Lucius Annaeus Seneca
If you don't know, ask. You will be a fool for the moment, but a wise man for the rest of your life. - Lucius Annaeus Seneca
Now think of the things which goad man into destroying man: they are hope, envy, hatred, fear and contempt. - Lucius Annaeus Seneca
The things that are essential are acquired with little bother; it is the luxuries that call for toil and effort. - Lucius Annaeus Seneca
Nothing is so wretched or foolish as to anticipate misfortunes. What madness is it to be expecting evil before it comes. - Lucius Annaeus Seneca
Drunkenness inflames and lays bare every vice, removing the reserve that acts as a chuck on impulses to wrong behaviour. - Lucius Annaeus Seneca
And a stomach firmly under control, one that will put up with hard usage, marks a considerable step towards independence. - Lucius Annaeus Seneca
If you live in harmony with nature you will never be poor; if you live according what others think, you will never be rich. - Lucius Annaeus Seneca
...to be feared is to fear: no one has been able to strike terror into others and at the same time enjoy peace of mind himself. - Lucius Annaeus Seneca
One thing I know: all the works of mortal man lie under sentence of mortality; we live among things that are destined to perish. - Lucius Annaeus Seneca
If you really want to escape the things that harass you, what you're needing is not to be in a different place but to be a different person. - Lucius Annaeus Seneca
So you must match time's swiftness with your speed in using it, and you must drink quickly as though from a rapid stream that will not always flow. - Lucius Annaeus Seneca
There is nothing dangerous in a man's having as much power as he likes if he takes the view that he has power to do only what it is his duty to do. - Lucius Annaeus Seneca
...nothing is burdensome if taken lightly, and how… nothing need arouse one's irritation so long as one doesn't make it bigger than it is by getting irritated. - Lucius Annaeus Seneca
Until we have begun to go without them, we fail to realize how unnecessary many things are. We've been using them not because we needed them but because we had them. - Lucius Annaeus Seneca
People are frugal in guarding their personal property; but as soon as it comes to squandering time they are most wasteful of the one thing in which it is right to be stingy. - Lucius Annaeus Seneca
My baker may be out of bread, but the farm manager will have some, or the steward, or a tenant. "Bad bread, yes!" you'll say. Wait, then: it'll soon turn into good bread. Hunger will make you find even that bread soft and wheaty. - Lucius Annaeus Seneca
We should every night call ourselves to an account; What infirmity have I mastered today? What passions opposed? What temptation resisted? What virtue acquired? Our vices will abort of themselves if they be brought every day to the shrift. - Lucius Annaeus Seneca
Another thing which will help you is to turn your mind to other thoughts and that way get away from your suffering. Call to mind things which you have done that have been upright or courageous; run over in your mind the finest parts you have played. - Lucius Annaeus Seneca
Do not be ashamed of help. - Marcus Aurelius
Nothing should be done without a purpose. - Marcus Aurelius
You can also commit injustice by doing nothing. - Marcus Aurelius
Death smiles at us all; all we can do is smile back. - Marcus Aurelius
The soul becomes dyed with the color of its thoughts. - Marcus Aurelius
Do you have reason? I have. Why then do you not use it? - Marcus Aurelius
Very little indeed is necessary for living a happy life. - Marcus Aurelius
Remember that very little is needed to make a happy life. - Marcus Aurelius
Execute every act of thy life as though it were thy last. - Marcus Aurelius
A thing is neither better nor worse for having been praised. - Marcus Aurelius
The best revenge is to be unlike him who performed the injury. - Marcus Aurelius
Even the smallest thing should be done with reference to an end. - Marcus Aurelius
All things from eternity are of like forms and come round in a circle. - Marcus Aurelius
Life is a warfare and a stranger's sojourn, and after fame is oblivion. - Marcus Aurelius
He who lives in harmony with himself lives in harmony with the universe. - Marcus Aurelius
How soon will time cover all things, and how many it has covered already. - Marcus Aurelius
Receive wealth or prosperity without arrogance; and be ready to let it go. - Marcus Aurelius
It is not death that a man should fear, but he should fear never beginning to live. - Marcus Aurelius
No longer talk at all about the kind of man that a good man ought to be, but be such. - Marcus Aurelius
You will give yourself relief, if you do every act of your life as if it were the last. - Marcus Aurelius
The opinion of 10000 men is of no value if none of them knows anything about the subject. - Marcus Aurelius
Your life is short. You must turn to profit the present by the aid of reason and justice. - Marcus Aurelius
A man must learn a great deal to enable him to pass a correct judgment on another man's acts. - Marcus Aurelius
How ridiculous and unrealistic is the man who is astonished at anything that happens in life. - Marcus Aurelius
You have power over your mind, not outside events. Realise this, and you will find your strength. - Marcus Aurelius
My city and country, so far as I am Antoninus, is Rome; but so far as I am a man, it is the world. - Marcus Aurelius
Whoever does wrong, wrongs himself; whoever does injustice, does it to himself, making himself evil. - Marcus Aurelius
Whatever man you meet with, immediately say to yourself: What opinions has this man about good and bad? - Marcus Aurelius
Begin - to begin is half the work, let half still remain; again begin this, and you will have finished. - Marcus Aurelius
In a little while you will have forgotten everything; in a little while everything will have forgotten you. - Marcus Aurelius
Look not round at the depraved morals of others, but run straight along the line without deviating from it. - Marcus Aurelius
If it is not right, do not do it: if it is not true, do not say it. For let your impulse be in your own power. - Marcus Aurelius
A brief existence is common to all things, and yet you avoid and pursue all things as if they would be eternal. - Marcus Aurelius
In the morning, when you rise unwillingly, let this thought be present: I am rising to the work of a human being. - Marcus Aurelius
Since it is possible that you might depart from life this very moment, regulate every act and thought accordingly. - Marcus Aurelius
He who follows reason in all things is both tranquil and active at the same time, and also cheerful and collected. - Marcus Aurelius
As you yourself are a component part of a social system, so let every act of yours be a component part of social life. - Marcus Aurelius
I see no virtue that is opposed to justice; but I see a virtue that is opposed to love of pleasure, and that is temperance. - Marcus Aurelius
Life is short. That is all there is to say. Get what you can from the present - thoughtfully, justly. Unrestrained moderation. - Marcus Aurelius
There is no man so fortunate that there shall not be by him when he is dying some who are pleased with what is going to happen. - Marcus Aurelius
Be like the promontory against which the waves continually Break; but it stands firm and tames the fury of the water around it. - Marcus Aurelius
If a man is mistaken, instruct him kindly and show him his error. But if you are not able, blame yourself, or not even yourself. - Marcus Aurelius
Things do not touch the soul, for they are external and remain immovable; so our perturbations come only from our inner opinions. - Marcus Aurelius
Today I have got out of all trouble, or rather I have cast out all trouble, for it was not outside, but within and in my opinions. - Marcus Aurelius
Do not act as if you were going to live ten thousand years. Death hangs over you. While you live, while it is in your power, be good. - Marcus Aurelius
To care for all men is according to man's nature; and man should value the opinion only of those who openly live according to nature. - Marcus Aurelius
On the occasion of every act ask yourself, How is this with respect to me? Will I regret it? A little time and I am dead, and all is gone. - Marcus Aurelius
He who has a vehement desire for posthumous fame does not consider that every one of those who remember him will himself also die very soon. - Marcus Aurelius
Since the greatest part of what we say and do is unnecessary, dispensing with such activities affords a man more leisure and less uneasiness. - Marcus Aurelius
Those who rather pursue posthumous fame do not consider that the men of tomorrow will be exactly like these whom they cannot bear now; and both are mortal. - Marcus Aurelius
Consider that as the heaps of sand piled on one another hide the former sands, so in life the events that go before are soon covered by those that come after. - Marcus Aurelius
Do not waste the remainder of your life in thoughts about others ... for you lose the opportunity of doing something else when you have such thoughts as these. - Marcus Aurelius
We ought to do good to others as simply as a horse runs, or a bee makes honey, or a vine bears grapes season after season without thinking of the grapes it has borne. - Marcus Aurelius
A man when he has done a good act, does not call out for others to come and see, but he goes on to another act, as a vine goes on to produce again the grapes in season. - Marcus Aurelius
Failure to observe what is in the mind of another has seldom made a man unhappy; but those who do not observe the movements of their own minds must of necessity be unhappy. - Marcus Aurelius
I have often wondered how t is that every man loves himself more than all the rest of men, but yet sets less value on his own opinion of himself than on the opinion of others. - Marcus Aurelius
Judge every word and deed that are naturally fit for you, and do not be diverted by words of blame or criticism; if it is good to do or say something, do not consider it unworthy of yourself. - Marcus Aurelius
"I am unhappy, because this has happened to me." Not so: say, "I am happy, though this has happened to me, because I continue free from pain, neither crushed by the present nor fearing the future." - Marcus Aurelius
Altogether the interval is small between birth and death; and consider with how much trouble, and in company with what sort of people and in what a feeble body, this interval is laboriously passed. - Marcus Aurelius
When you have done a good act and another has received it, why do you look for a third thing besides these, as fools do, either to have the reputation of having done a good act or to obtain a return? - Marcus Aurelius
Death and life, honor and dishonor, pain and pleasure — all these things equally happen to good men and bad, being things which make us neither better nor worse. Therefore they are neither good nor evil. - Marcus Aurelius
Such as are your habitual thoughts, such also will be the character of your mind; for the soul is dyed by the thoughts. Dye it then with a continuous series of such thoughts as these: for instance, that where a man can live, there he can also live well. - Marcus Aurelius
If you shall be afraid not because you must some time cease to live, but if you shall fear never to have begun to live according to nature—then you will be a man worthy of the universe that has produced you, and you will cease to be a stranger in your native land. - Marcus Aurelius
Begin the morning by saying to yourself, I shall meet with the busybody, the ungrateful, arrogant, deceitful, envious, unsocial. All these things happen to them by reason of their ignorance of what is good and evil. I can neither be injured by any of them, for no one can fix on me what is ugly, nor can I be angry with my kinsman, nor hate him. - Marcus Aurelius
To be rather than to seem. - Cicero (106-43 BCE)
A friend is a second self. - Cicero (106-43 BCE)
Silent enim leges inter arma. - Cicero (106-43 BCE)
While there's life, there's hope. - Cicero (106-43 BCE)
Ability without honor is useless. - Cicero (106-43 BCE)
Never injure a friend, even in jest. - Cicero (106-43 BCE)
Endless money forms the sinews of war. - Cicero (106-43 BCE)
In times of war, the law falls silent. - Cicero (106-43 BCE)
It is a great thing to know your vices. - Cicero (106-43 BCE)
A man of faith is also full of courage . - Cicero (106-43 BCE)
They condemn what they do not understand. - Cicero (106-43 BCE)
Politicians are not born; they are excreted. - Cicero (106-43 BCE)
A happy life consists in tranquility of mind. - Cicero (106-43 BCE)
The welfare of the people is the highest law. - Cicero (106-43 BCE)
Ut conclave sine libris ita corpus sine anima. - Cicero (106-43 BCE)
Where is there dignity unless there is honesty? - Cicero (106-43 BCE)
We must not say every mistake is a foolish one. - Cicero (106-43 BCE)
No one can give you better advice than yourself. - Cicero (106-43 BCE)
We are bound by the law, so that we may be free. - Cicero (106-43 BCE)
Silence is one of the great arts of conversation. - Cicero (106-43 BCE)
Silence is one of the great arts of conversation. - Cicero (106-43 BCE)
Memory is the treasury and guardian of all things. - Cicero (106-43 BCE)
The safety of the people shall be the highest law. - Cicero (106-43 BCE)
A room without books is like a body without a soul. - Cicero (106-43 BCE)
Law applied to its extreme is the greatest injustice. - Cicero (106-43 BCE)
Trust no one unless you have eaten much salt with him. - Cicero (106-43 BCE)
The shifts of fortune test the reliability of friends. - Cicero (106-43 BCE)
The life of the dead is set in the memory of the living. - Cicero (106-43 BCE)
I prefer the most unfair peace to the most righteous war. - Cicero (106-43 BCE)
The life of the dead is placed in the memory of the living. - Cicero (106-43 BCE)
Cultivation of the mind is as necessary as food to the body. - Cicero (106-43 BCE)
Nemo enim est tam senex qui se annum non putet posse vivere. - Cicero (106-43 BCE)
He only employs his passion who can make no use of his reason. - Cicero (106-43 BCE)
Your enemies can kill you, but only your friends can hurt you. - Cicero (106-43 BCE)
No one is so old as to think that he cannot live one more year. - Cicero (106-43 BCE)
The function of wisdom is to discriminate between good and evil. - Cicero (106-43 BCE)
To study philosophy is nothing but to prepare one's self to die. - Cicero (106-43 BCE)
I am not ashamed to confess I am ignorant of what I do not know. - Cicero (106-43 BCE)
If you have a garden and a library, you have everything you need. - Cicero (106-43 BCE)
The face is a picture of the mind with the eyes as its interpreter. - Cicero (106-43 BCE)
Any man can make mistakes, but only an idiot persists in his error. - Cicero (106-43 BCE)
If we are not ashamed to think it, we should not be ashamed to say it. - Cicero (106-43 BCE)
Few are those who wish to be endowed with virtue rather than to seem so. - Cicero (106-43 BCE)
Though silence is not necessarily an admission, it is not a denial, either. - Cicero (106-43 BCE)
To teach is a necessity, to please is a sweetness, to persuade is a victory. - Cicero (106-43 BCE)
Every word that is unnecessary, only pours over the side of a brimming mind. - Cicero (106-43 BCE)
Gratitude is not only the greatest of virtues, but the parent of all others. - Cicero (106-43 BCE)
To be content with what we possess is the greatest and most secure of riches. - Cicero (106-43 BCE)
Time obliterates the fictions of opinion and confirms the decisions of nature. - Cicero (106-43 BCE)
Our span of life is brief, but is long enough for us to live well and honestly. - Cicero (106-43 BCE)
Live as brave men; and if fortune is adverse, front its blows with brave hearts . - Cicero (106-43 BCE)
Diseases of the soul are more dangerous and more numerous than those of the body. - Cicero (106-43 BCE)
The authority of those who teach is often an obstacle to those who want to learn. - Cicero (106-43 BCE)
Knowledge which is divorced from justice may be called cunning rather than wisdom. - Cicero (106-43 BCE)
Every man can tell how many goats or sheep he possesses, but not how many friends. - Cicero (106-43 BCE)
Times are bad. Children no longer obey their parents, and everyone is writing a book. - Cicero (106-43 BCE)
The life given us, by nature is short; but the memory of a well-spent life is eternal. - Cicero (106-43 BCE)
What one has, one ought to use; and whatever he does, he should do with all his might. - Cicero (106-43 BCE)
It is the peculiar quality of a fool to perceive the faults of others and to forget his own. - Cicero (106-43 BCE)
A mental stain can neither be blotted out by the passage of time nor washed away by any waters. - Cicero (106-43 BCE)
In a republic this rule ought to be observed: that the majority should not have the predominant power. - Cicero (106-43 BCE)
A mind without instruction can no more bear fruit than can a field, however fertile, without cultivation. - Cicero (106-43 BCE)
Friendship improves happiness and abates misery, by the doubling of our joy and the dividing of our grief. - Cicero (106-43 BCE)
The wise are instructed by reason, average minds by experience, the stupid by necessity and the brute by instinct. - Cicero (106-43 BCE)
Nothing stands out so conspicuously, or remains so firmly fixed in the memory, as something which you have blundered. - Cicero (106-43 BCE)
The enemy is within the gates; it is with our own luxury, our own folly, our own criminality that we have to contend. - Cicero (106-43 BCE)
It is not by muscle, speed, or physical dexterity that great things are achieved, but by reflection, force of character, and judgment. - Cicero (106-43 BCE)
If you have no confidence in self, you are twice defeated in the race of life. With confidence, you have won even before you have started. - Cicero (106-43 BCE)
The famous Lucius Cassius, whom the Roman people used to regard as a very honest and wise judge, was in the habit of asking, time and again, 'To whose benefit? . - Cicero (106-43 BCE)
For books are more than books, they are the life, the very heart and core of ages past, the reason why men worked and died, the essence and quintessence of their lives. - Cicero (106-43 BCE)
They who say that we should love our fellow-citizens but not foreigners, destroy the universal brotherhood of mankind, with which benevolence and justice would perish forever . - Cicero (106-43 BCE)
Read at every wait; read at all hours; read within leisure; read in times of labor; read as one goes in; read as one goest out. The task of the educated mind is simply put: read to lead. - Cicero (106-43 BCE)
To be ignorant of what occurred before you were born is to remain always a child. For what is the worth of human life, unless it is woven into the life of our ancestors by the records of history? . - Cicero (106-43 BCE)
When you wish to instruct, be brief; that men's minds take in quickly what you say, learn its lesson, and retain it faithfully. Every word that is unnecessary only pours over the side of a brimming mind. - Cicero (106-43 BCE)
So it may well be believed that when I found him taking a complete holiday, with a vast supply of books at command, he had the air of indulging in a literary debauch, if the term may be applied to so honorable an occupation. - Cicero (106-43 BCE)
What is morally wrong can never be advantageous, even when it enables you to make some gain that you believe to be to your advantage. The mere act of believing that some wrongful course of action constitutes an advantage is pernicious. - Cicero (106-43 BCE)
The man who backbites an absent friend, nay, who does not stand up for him when another blames him, the man who angles for bursts of laughter and for the repute of a wit, who can invent what he never saw, who cannot keep a secret -- that man is black at heart: mark and avoid him. - Cicero (106-43 BCE)
Six mistakes mankind keeps making century after century: Believing that personal gain is made by crushing others; Worrying about things that cannot be changed or corrected; Insisting that a thing is impossible because we cannot accomplish it; Refusing to set aside trivial preferences; Neglecting development and refinement of the mind; Attempting to compel others to believe and live as we do. - Cicero (106-43 BCE)
A nation can survive its fools, and even the ambitious. But it cannot survive treason from within. An enemy at the gates is less formidable, for he is known and carries his banner openly. But the traitor moves amongst those within the gate freely, his sly whispers rustling through all the alleys, heard in the very halls of government itself. For the traitor appears not a traitor; he speaks in accents familiar to his victims, and he wears their face and their arguments, he appeals to the baseness that lies deep in the hearts of all men. He rots the soul of a nation, he works secretly and unknown in the night to undermine the pillars of the city, he infects the body politic so that it can no longer resist. A murderer is less to fear. - Cicero (106-43 BCE)
We are but dust and shadow. - Horace
The covetous man is ever in want. - Horace
In adversity, remember to keep an even mind. - Horace
Force without wisdom falls of its own weight. - Horace
He who feared that he would not succeed sat still. - Horace
It is sweet and honorable to die for one's country. - Horace
Life grants nothing to us mortals without hard work. - Horace
He who has begun has half done. Dare to be wise; begin! - Horace
It is your concern when your neighbor's wall is on fire. - Horace
The years as they pass plunder us of one thing after another. - Horace
In peace, as a wise man, he should make suitable preparation for war. - Horace
Anger is a momentary madness so control your passion or it will control you. - Horace
Mediocrity in poets has never been tolerated by either men, or gods, or booksellers. - Horace
Study carefully, the character of the one you recommend, lest their misconduct bring you shame. - Horace
Whoever cultivates the golden mean avoids both the poverty of a hovel and the envy of a palace. - Horace
To flee vice is the beginning of virtue, and to have got rid of folly is the beginning of wisdom. - Horace
For why do you hasten to remove things that hurt your eyes, but if anything gnaws your mind, defer the time of curing it from year to year? - Horace
The man who is tenacious of purpose in a rightful cause is not shaken from his firm resolve by the frenzy of his fellow citizens clamoring for what is wrong, or by the tyrant's threatening countenance. - Horace
Do nothing which is of no use. - Miyamoto Musashi
Do not regret what you have done. - Miyamoto Musashi
You can only fight the way you practice. - Miyamoto Musashi
Step by step walk the thousand-mile road. - Miyamoto Musashi
Think lightly of yourself and deeply of the world. - Miyamoto Musashi
Get beyond love and grief: exist for the good of Man. - Miyamoto Musashi
Fixation is the way to death. Fluidity is the way to life. - Miyamoto Musashi
The ultimate aim of martial arts is not having to use them. - Miyamoto Musashi
If you do not control the enemy, the enemy will control you. - Miyamoto Musashi
To win any battle, you must fight as if you are already dead. - Miyamoto Musashi
If you wish to control others you must first control yourself. - Miyamoto Musashi
Do not waste time idling or thinking after you have set your goals. - Miyamoto Musashi
It may seem difficult at first, but everything is difficult at first. - Miyamoto Musashi
In battle, if you you make your opponent flinch, you have already won. - Miyamoto Musashi
The purpose of today's training is to defeat yesterday's understanding. - Miyamoto Musashi
It is difficult to understand the universe if you only study one planet. - Miyamoto Musashi
All things entail rising and falling timing. You must be able to discern this. - Miyamoto Musashi
You must understand that there is more than one path to the top of the mountain. - Miyamoto Musashi
Really skillful people never get out of time, and are always deliberate, and never appear busy. - Miyamoto Musashi
The Truth is not what you want it to be; It is what it is, and you must bend to its power or live a lie. - Miyamoto Musashi
The important thing in strategy is to suppress the enemy's useful actions but allow his useless actions. - Miyamoto Musashi
All man are the same except for their belief in their own selves, regardless of what others may think of them. - Miyamoto Musashi
Anger. Control your anger. If you hold anger toward others, they have control over you.Your opponent can dominate and defeat you if you allow him to get you irritated. - Miyamoto Musashi
Determine that today you will overcome your self of the day before, tomorrow you will win over those of lesser skill, and later you will win over those of greater skill. - Miyamoto Musashi
The true science of martial arts means practicing them in such a way that they will be useful at any time, and to teach them in such a way that they will be useful in all things. - Miyamoto Musashi
In fighting and in everyday life you should be determined through calm. Meet the situation without tenseness yet not recklessly, your spirit settled yet unbiased. An elevated spirit is weak and a low spirit is weak. Do not let the enemy see your spirit. - Miyamoto Musashi
Ignorantia non excusat
Be as you wishto seem. - Socrates
Beware the barrenness of a busy life. - Socrates
I pray Thee, O God, that I may be beautiful within. - Socrates
What a lot of things there are a man can do without. - Socrates
There are two kinds of disease of the soul, vice and ignorance. -Socrates
When the debate is lost, slander becomes the tool of the loser. - Socrates
Strong minds discuss ideas, average minds discuss events, weak minds discuss people. - Socrates
Be nicer than necessary to everyone you meet. Everyone is fighting some kind of battle. - Socrates
One person likes tending to his farm, another to his horse; I like to daily monitor my self-improvement. - Socrates
By all means marry. If you get a good wife you will become happy, and if you get a bad one you will become a philosopher. - Socrates
The measure of a man is what he does with power. - Plato
Poets utter great and wise things which they do not understand themseves. - Plato
The penalty good men pay for indifference to public affairs is to be ruled by evil men. - Plato
Education is the best provision for old age. - Aristotle
Youth is easily deceived because it is quick to hope. - Aristotle
No great genius has ever existed without some touch of madness. - Aristotle
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, therefore, is not an act, but a habit. - Aristotle
Time crumbles things; everything grows old and is forgotten under the power of time. - Aristotle
It is the mark of an educated mind to be able to entertain a thought without accepting it. - Aristotle
It is also in the interest of the tyrant to make his subjects poor... The people are so occupied with their daily tasks that they have no time for plotting. - Aristotle
The Beauty of the soul shines out when a man bears with composure one heavy mischance after another, not because he does not feel them, but because he is a man of high and heroic temper. - Aristotle
In a rich man's house there is no place to spit but his face. - Diogenes of Sinope
Alexander the Great found the philosopher looking attentively at a pile of human bones. "I am searching for the bones of your father but cannot distinguish them from those of a slave". - Diogenes of Sinope
When one with honeyed words but evil mind Persuades the mob, great woes befall the state. - Euripides
The destiny of man is in his own soul. - Herodotus
Death is a delightful hiding place for weary men. - Herodotus
Of all possessions a friend is the most precious. - Herodotus
Close alliances with despots are never safe for free states. - Demothenes
No man who is not willing to help himself, has any right to apply to his friends, or to the gods. - Demothenes
Baths, drink and sex corrupt our bodies, but baths, drink and sex make life worth living - Graffiti in Roman Bath
The noble man is chiefly concerned with wisdom and friendship; of these, the former is a mortal good; the latter an immortal one. - Epicurus
Thus that which is the most awful of evils, death, is nothing to us, since when we exist there is no death, and when there is death we do not exist. - Epicurus
It is impossible to live a pleasant life without living wisely and well and justly. And it is impossible to live wisely and well and justly without living a pleasant life. - Epicurus
Ignorance is bold and knowledge reserved. - Thucydides
No one that encounters prosperity does not also encounter danger. - Heraclitus
An imbalance between rich and poor is the oldest and most fatal ailment of all republics. - Plutarch
Just because you do not take an interest in politics doesn't mean politics won't take an interest in you. - Pericles
Passions stem from frustrated desire. - Epictetus
What illusion about myself do I entertain? - Epictetus
Understand what words you use first, then use them. - Epictetus
I cannot escape death, but at least I can escape the fear of it. - Epictetus
The more we value things outside our control, the less control we have. - Epictetus
Men are disturbed not by things, but by the view which they take of them. - Epictetus
What is the goal of virtue, after all, except a life that flows smoothly? - Epictetus
It is not events that disturb people, it is their judgements concerning them. - Epictetus
Being attached to many things, we are weighed down and dragged along with them. - Epictetus
Keep well out of the sun, then, so long as your principles are as pliant as wax. - Epictetus
Settle on the type of person you want to be and stick to it, whether alone or in company. - Epictetus
An ignorant person blames others for his own misfortune. To blame oneself is proof of progress. - Epitetus
[When someone does something you don't like] Say to yourself each time, "He did what he believed was right." - Epictetus
Friends, the school of a philosopher is a hospital. When you leave, you should have suffered, not enjoyed yourself. - Epictetus
Because we're the only animals who not only die but are conscious of it even while it happens, we are beset by anxiety. - Epictetus
"He's a clever young man and a fan of rhetoric." "How do you know?" "He praises me." Oh, well, that proves it, of course. - Epictetus
All our efforts must be directed towards an end, or we will act in vain. If it is not the right end, we will fail utterly. - Epictetus
Don"t hope that events will turn out the way you want, welcome events in whichever way they happen: this is the path to peace. - Epictetus
In literature, too, it is not a great achievement to memorize what you have read while not formulating an opinion of your own. - Epictetus
What does Socrates say? "One person likes tending to his farm, another to his horse; I like to daily monitor my self-improvement." - Epictetus
I have a bad neighbour – bad, that is, for himself. For me, though, he is good: he exercises my powers of fairness and sociability. - Epictetus
There were two vices much blacker and more serious than the rest: lack of persistence and lack of self-control ... persist and resist. - Epictetus
It isn"t death, pain, exile or anything else you care to mention that accounts for the way we act, only our opinion about death, pain and the rest. - Epictetus
But the tyrant will chain – What will he chain? Your leg. "He will chop off –" What? Your head. What he will never chain or chop off is your integrity.- Epictetus
A fool cannot be convinced or even compelled to renounce his folly. God save me from fools with a little philosophy – no one is more difficult to reach. - Epictetus
"Well, what will my profession in the community be?" Whatever position you are equipped to fill, so long as you preserve the man of trust and integrity. - Epictetus
As you are careful when you walk not to step on a nail or turn your ankle, so you should take care not to do any injury to your character at the same time. - Epictetus
A boxer derives the greatest advantage from his sparring partner – and my accuser is my sparring partner. He trains me in patience, civility and even temper. - Epictetus
I have to die. If it is now, well then I die now; if later, then now I will take my lunch, since the hour for lunch has arrived – and dying I will tend to later. - Epictetus
I blush deeply whenever I catch myself saying anything disgraceful. It's this reflex that will not allow me to propose pleasure as the good and the goal of life. - Epictetus
Stoics put logic at the head of our curriculum – for the same reason that, before a quantity of grain can be measured, we must settle on a standard of measurement. - Epictetus
People with a strong physical constitution can tolerate extremes of hot and cold; people of strong mental health can handle anger, grief, joy and the other emotions. - Epictetus
An ignorant person is inclined to blame others for his own misfortune. To blame oneself is proof of progress. But the wise man never has to blame another or himself. - Epictetus
Don"t be disappointed if you return home with the very same set of ideas you arrived with. Because you had no intention of changing, correcting or adopting others in their place. - Epictetus
People act like a traveller headed for home who stops at an inn and, finding it comfortable, decides to remain there. You"ve lost sight of your goal, man. You were supposed to drive through the inn, not park there. - Epictetus
Jews, Syrians, Egyptians and Romans. They don"t dispute that what is holy should be preferred above everything else and in every case pursued; but they argue, for example, over whether it is holy or unholy to eat pork. - Epictetus
If your body was turned over to just anyone, you would doubtless take exception. Why aren"t you ashamed that you have made your mind vulnerable to anyone who happens to criticize you, so that it automatically becomes confused and upset? - Epictetus
When somebody's wife or child dies, to a man we all routinely say, "Well, that's part of life." But if one of our own family is involved, then right away it's "Poor, poor me!" We would do better to remember how we react when a similar loss afflicts others. - Epictetus
If a man objects to truths that are all too evident, it is no easy task finding arguments that will change his mind. This is proof neither of his own strength nor of his teacher's weakness. When someone caught in an argument hardens to stone, there is just no more reasoning with them. - Epictetus
Hope clouds observation. - Frank Herbert
Survival is the ability to swim in strange water. - Frank Herbert
Face your fears or they will climb over your back. - Frank Herbert
Power attracts the corruptible. Suspect any who seek it. - Frank Herbert
The truth always carries the ambiguity of the words used to express it. - Frank Herbert
Seek freedom and become captive of your desires. Seek discipline and find your liberty. - Frank Herbert
Do actions agree with words? There’s your measure of reliability. Never confine yourself to the words. - Frank Herbert
Show me a completely smooth operation and I’ll show you someone who’s covering mistakes. Real boats rock. - Frank Herbert
It is so shocking to find out how many people do not believe that they can learn, and how many more believe learning to be difficult. - Frabk Herbert
Once men turned their thinking over to machines in the hope that this would set them free. but that only permitted other men with machines to enslave them. - Frank Herbert
Empires do not suffer emptiness of purpose at the time of their creation. It is when they have become established that aims are lost and replaced by vague ritual. - Frank Herbert
The child who refuses to travel in the father’s harness, this is the symbol of man’s most unique capability. "I do not have to be what my father was. I do not have to obey my father’s rules or even believe everything he believed. It is my strength as a human that I can make my own choices of what to believe and what not to believe, of what to be and what not to be. - Frank Herbert
Wheresoever you go, go with all your heart. - Confucius
The will to win, the desire to succeed, the urge to reach your full potential… these are the keys that will unlock the door to personal excellence. - Confucius
By three methods we may learn wisdom: First, by reflection, which is noblest; Second, by imitation, which is easiest; and third by experience, which is the bitterest. - Confucius
Debt is the worst poverty. - Thomas Fuller
Lying rides upon debt’s back. - Benjamin Franklin
Debt is the slavery of the free. - Publilius Syrus
No man’s credit is as good as his money. -E.W. Howe
You cannot borrow your way out of debt. - Daniel Hannan
When you get in debt you become a slave. - Andrew Jackson
Never spend your money before you have it. - Thomas Jefferson
Creditors have better memories than debtors. - Benjamin Franklin
Debts and lies are generally mixed together. - Francois Rabelais
It is thrifty to prepare today for the wants of tomorrow. - Aesop
Rather go to bed supperless, than rise in debt. - Benjamin Franklin
The second vice is lying, the first is running in debt. - Benjamin Franklin
It is better not to make a vow than to make one and not fulfill it. - Ecclesiastes 5:5
I say to you never involve yourself in debt, and become no man’s surety. - Andrew Jackson
He looks the whole world in the face for he owes not any man. - Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
Debt, n.	An ingenious substitute for the chain and whip of the slave driver. - Ambrose Bierce
The wicked borrows but does not pay back, but the righteous is generous and gives. - Psalm 37:21
Chains of habit are too light to be felt until they are too heavy to be broken. - Warren Buffett
One can pay back the loan of gold, but one lies forever in debt to those who are kind. - Malcolm Forbes
Wouldst thou shut up the avenues of ill, Pay every debt as if God wrote the bill. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Simply put, unsustainable debt is helping to keep too many poor people in poverty. - William J. Clinton
Debt is like any other trap, easy enough to get into, but hard enough to get out of. - Henry Wheeler Shaw
Wars in old times were made to get slaves. The modern implement of imposing slavery is debt. - Ezra Pound
One of the greatest disservices you can do a man is to lend him money that he can’t pay back. - Jesse Jones
Do not accustom yourself to consider debt only as an inconvenience; you will find it a calamity. - Samuel Johnson
Some people use one half their ingenuity to get into debt, and the other half to avoid paying it. - George Prentice
Forgetfulness. A gift of God bestowed upon debtors in compensation for their destitution of conscience. - Ambrose Bierce
Today, there are three kinds of people:	the have’s, the have-not’s, and the have-not-paid-for-what-they-have’s. - Earl Wilson
There are but two ways of paying debt: Increase of industry in raising income, increase of thrift in laying out. - Thomas Carlyle
Pay to all what is owed to them: taxes to whom taxes are owed, revenue to whom revenue is owed, respect to whom respect is owed, honor to whom honor is owed. - Romans 13:7
And all the believers were together and held all things in common. They sold their property and possessions and distributed the money to those according to their needs. -Acts 2:44-45
Religion is a modesty curtain for ignorance - Perturabo
My own mind is my own church. - Thomas Paine 1737 - 1809
Faith is fear dressed up as virtue - Ancient Viking Proverb
Faith means making a virtue out of not thinking. - Bill Maher
Never trust people who've only got one book. - Billy Connolly
To such heights of evil are men driven by religion. - Lucretiusca
Religion is what keeps the poor from murdering the rich. - Napoleon Bonaparte
A book that changed me? The Bible. It turned me into an Atheist. - Andy Hamilton
I belong to no religion. My religion is Love and every heart is my temple. - Rumi
Religions are cultural artifacts. We make God, not the other way round. - Iain M. Banks
A strongly held belief does not automatically deserve respect. - Ancient Viking Proverb
If something defies belief, a good starting position is not to believe it. - Jamie Whyte
Science is the great antidote to the poison of enthusiasm and superstition. - Adam Smith
Designating something 'religious' does not exempt it from ethical analysis. - Randy Cohen
Chastity - the most unnatural of all the sexual perversions. - Aldous Huxley (1894 - 1963)
The worst enemy women have is in the pulpit. - Susan B. Anthony (Suffragist) (1820 - 1906)
Religions are all alike - founded upon fables and mythologies. Thomas Jefferson (1743 - 1826)
Religion is an advertising campaign for a product that doesn't exist. - Ancient Viking Proverb
When we are tired, we are attacked by ideas we conquered long ago. - Friedrich Nietzsche 1844-1900
Drawing a cartoon is not an act of aggression. Trying to kill somebody with an axe is. - Johann Hari
Man will  never be free until the last king is strangled with the entrails of the last priest. - Denis Diderot
The pained worker inevitably resorts to legal cocaine for his most fundamental social tasks. - Karl Marx (1818-1883)
The philosopher has never killed any priests, whereas the priest has killed a great many philosophers. - Denis Diderot
The Christian resolution to find the world ugly and bad has made the world ugly and bad. - Friedrich Nietzsche 1844-1900
Rational arguments don't usually work on religious people. Otherwise there wouldn't be religious people. - Gregory House
Religion is regarded by the common people as true, by the wise as false, and by rulers as useful. - Lucius Annaeus Seneca
Religion is like a blind man looking in a black room for a black cat that isn't there, and finding it. - Ancient Viking Proverb
The word 'heretic' comes from the Greek word 'hairetikos' meaning 'able to choose' which pretty much says it all. - Pat Condell
There once was a time when all people believed in God and the church ruled. This time was called the Dark Ages. - Richard Lederer
The argument is not atheism versus creationism. It is logic and reason versus superstition and ignorance. - Ancient Viking Proverb
It's fine to be a religion man. But if you get too much of the religion, you get out of your mind and do stupid things. - Murat Duka
When enough people share a delusion, it loses its status as a psychosis and gets a religious tax exemption instead. - Ronald de Sousa
Books have always been fearful things to priesthoods. Things to police and secure. Dangerous, with radical new ideas. - Magnus The Red
Everything that needs to be said has already been said. But, since no one was listening, everything must be said again. - André Gide (1869-1951)
My best advice to anyone who wants to raise a happy mentally healthy child is: Keep him or her as far away from a church as you can. - Frank Zappa
No wickedness comes anywhere near the wickedness of a woman... Sin began with a woman and thanks to her we all must die. - Ecclesiasticus 25:19,24
Just in terms of allocation of time resources, religion is not very efficient. There's a lot more I could be doing on a Sunday morning. - Bill Gates
There is not enough love and goodness in the world for us to be permitted to give any of it away to imaginary things. - Friedrich Nietzsche 1844-1900
My own view on religion is that of Lucretius. I regard it as a disease born of fear and as a source of untold misery to the human race. - Bertrand Russell
The clergy believe that any power confided in me will be exerted in opposition to their schemes, and they believe rightly. - Thomas Jefferson (1743 - 1826)
Superstition and ignorance always attract the religiously inclined. For the core of religion is the twin pillars of ignorance and fear. - Emperor of Mankind
Religion ends and philosophy begins, just as alchemy ends and chemistry begins and astrology ends, and astronomy begins. - Christopher Hitchens (1949 - 2011)
Human beings will find a balanced situation when they do good things not because God says it, but because they feel like doing them. - Olof Palme (1927 - 1986)
The real problem is not that those who stop believing in God will believe in anything, but that those who have faith in God can justify doing anything. - Simon Morris
Religion is the sigh of the oppressed creature, the heart of a heartless world, and the soul of soulless conditions. It is the opium of the people. - Karl Marx (1818-1883)
We have evidence that a Flying Spaghetti Monster created the universe. None of us, of course, were around to see it, but we have written accounts of it. -Bobby Henderson
Question with boldness even the existence of God; because, if there be one, he must more approve of the homage of reason than that of blindfolded fear." - Thomas Jefferson
I distrust those people who know so well what God wants them to do because I notice it always coincides with their own desires. - Susan B. Anthony (suffragist) 1820 - 1906
The church says the earth is flat, but I know that it is round, for I have seen the shadow on the moon, and I have more faith in a shadow than in the church. - Ferdinand Magellan
I don't think there's any difference between the pope wearing a large hat and parading around with a smoking purse, and an African painting his face white and praying to a rock. - Howard Stern
At the risk of seeming ridiculous, let me say that the true revolutionary is guided by a great feeling of love. It is impossible to think of a genuine revolutionary lacking this quality. - Che Guevara
Fix reason firmly in her seat, and call to her tribunal every fact, every opinion. Question with boldness even the existence of a God; because, if there be one, he must more approve of the homage of reason, than that of blindfolded fear. - Thomas Jefferson
It is individuals who have human rights, not religions or beliefs. To give the latter legal protection would severely curb the individual's right to freedom of expression - as already happens in some Muslim countries, where people of other faiths need to tread very carefully. - Ian Harris
Shepherds don't look after sheep because they love them - although I do think some shepherds like their sheep too much. They look after their sheep so they can, first, fleece them and second, turn them into meat. That's much more like the priesthood as I know it. - Christopher Hitchens (1949 - 2011)
I can't say that it's the Koran that causes a husband to beat his wife, but when I was a translator in Holland and we condemned some men for beating their wives, they would pull out the Koran and say, 'Look here, Chapter 4, Verse 34, gives me a reason, and in fact even obligates me, to beat my wife if she's disobedient.' - Ayaan Hirsi Ali
By all means let an observant Jewish adult male have his raw-cut penis placed in the mouth of a rabbi. By all means let grown women who distrust their clitoris or their labia have them sawn away by some other wretched adult female. But the conscription of the unprotected child for these purposes is something that even the most dedicated secularist can safely describe as a sin. - Christopher Hitchens
Knowledge is a Continuum. - Magnus The Red.
Blood cannot be soaked up by bread. - Kolo, Imperial Fists
Anger is a blindfold; a fools motivation. - Shadrak Meduson
The flesh is weak, but deeds endure. - Vulkan, Primarch of the 18th
There is nothing to be gained by feeding hungry ghosts. - Commander Puretide
Ignorance is a shield almost as strong as faith in the throne. - Ciaphais Cain
Let the motive force castigate the heretek and the experimenter. - Taghmata Dominata
Follow up a victory by striking quickly, and you will win another - Commander Puretide
Curiosity is an infection to be quarantined, and dashed against the rocks of duty. - Dark Angels
Power has no limits. Every morsel of power engenders more hunder; it is never satisfied. - Rogal Dorn
There is always more to know, more to learn; And every act of learning must come with the knowledge that it is never enough. - Magnus the Red
Learn to shorten your reach. If your foe can come close enough to negate your striking power, all strategem is lost. And when all strategem is lost, the battle is lost. - O'Shovah
The pursuit of knowledge rivals the pursuit of beauty in its arrogance; both quests are borne of hubris, yet of the two the sin of curiosity cuts deeper and leaves the greater wound. - Sermons of Sebastian Thor