Bad men are full of repentance. - Aristotle
In revolutions the occasions may be trifling but great interest are at stake. - Aristotle
Small-minded people blame others. Average people blame themselves. The wise see all blame as foolishness - Epictetus
What else did you expect from helping someone out? Isn't it enough that you've done what your nature demands? You want a salary for it too? As if your eyes expected a reward for seeing, or your feet for walking. That's what they were made for. - Marcus Aurelius
I have never wished to cater to the crowd; for what I know they do not approve, and what they approve I do not know. - Epicurus
This is the reason why mothers are more devoted to their children than fathers: it is that they suffer more in giving them birth and are more certain that they are their own. - Aristotle
Think not so much of what you lack as of what you have: but of the things that you have, select the best, and then reflect on how eagerly you would have sought them if you did not have them. - Marcus Aurelius
When the strong box contains no more both friends and flatterers shun the door. - Plutarch
States are as the men, they grow out of human characters. - Plato
He is rich who is content with the least; for contentment is the wealth of nature. - Socrates
If you want to improve, be content to be thought foolish and stupid with regard to external things. Don't wish to be thought to know anything; and even if you appear to be somebody important to others, distrust yourself. For, it is difficult to both keep your faculty of choice in a state conformable to nature, and at the same time acquire external things. But while you are careful about the one, you must of necessity neglect the other - Epictetus
Nature has given us two ears, two eyes, and but one tongue-to the end that we should hear and see more than we speak. - Socrates
Never value anything as profitable that compels you to break your promise, to lose your self-respect, to hate any man, to suspect, to curse, to act the hypocrite, to desire anything that needs walls and curtains: - Marcus Aurelius
Misfortune seldom intrudes upon the wise man; his greatest and highest interests are directed by reason throughout the course of life. - Epicurus
Remember that you must behave as at a banquet. Is anything brought round to you? Put out your hand, and take a moderate share. Does it pass you? Do not stop it. Is it not come yet? Do not yearn in desire towards it, but wait till it reaches you. So with regard to children, wife, office, riches; and you will some time or other be worthy to feast with the gods. And if you do not so much as take the things which are set before you, but are able even to forego them, then you will not only - Epictetus
The gods either have power or they have not. If they have not, why pray to them? If they have, then instead of praying to be granted or spared such-and-such a thing, why not rather pray to be delivered from dreading it, or lusting for it, or grieving over it? Clearly, if they can help a man at all, they can help him in this way. You will say, perhaps, 'But all that is something they have put in my own power.' Then surely it were better to use your power and be a free man, than to hanker like a slave - Marcus Aurelius
We should look for someone to eat and drink with before looking for something to eat and drink. - Epicurus
Remember to act always as if you were at a symposium. When the food or drink comes around, reach out and take some politely; if it passes you by don't try pulling it back. And if it has not reached you yet, don't let your desire run ahead of you, be patient until your turn comes. Adopt a will be entitled to dine with the gods. Go further and decline these goods even when they are on offer and you will have a share in the gods' power as well as their company. That is how Diogenes, Heraclitus and philosophers like them came to be called, and considered, divine. - Epictetus
There is nothing permanent except change. - Heraclitus
It is within our power not to make a judgement about something, and so not disturb our minds; for nothing in itself possesses the power to form our judgements. - Marcus Aurelius
If any among you covet riches, let him endeavour to overcome, for the victorious not only preserve their own possessions but acquire those of the enemy. - Xenophon
In banquets remember that you entertain two guests, body and soul: and whatever you shall have given to the body you soon eject: but what you shall have given to the soul, you keep always. - Epictetus
Democracy is a charming form of government, full of variety and disorder, and dispensing a sort of equality to equals and unequal alike. - Plato
If you ever happen to turn your attention to externals, for the pleasure of any one, be assured that you have ruined your scheme of life. Be contented, then, in everything, with being a philosopher; and if you with to seem so likewise to any one, appear so to yourself, and it will suffice you. - Epictetus
What you leave behind is not what is engraved in stone monuments, but what is woven into the lives of others. - Pericles
The wise man who has become accustomed to necessities knows better how to share with others than how to take from them, so great a treasure of self-sufficiency has he found. - Epicurus
So you wish to conquer in the Olympic Games, my friend? And I, too... But first mark the conditions and the consequences. You will have to put yourself under discipline; to eat by rule, to avoid cakes and sweetmeats; to take exercise at the appointed hour whether you like it or not, in cold and heat; to abstain from cold drinks and wine at your will. Then, in the conflict itself you are likely enough to dislocate your wrist or twist your ankle, to swallow a great deal of dust, to be severely thrashed, and after all of these things, to be defeated. - Epictetus
The easiest and noblest way is not to be crushing others, but to be improving yourselves. - Socrates
Honesty is for the most par less profitable than dishonesty. - Plato
Man is not worried by real problems so much as by his imagined anxieties about real problems - Epictetus
It is not the pretended but the real pursuit of philosophy that is needed for we do not need the appearance of good health but to enjoy it in truth. - Epicurus
Praise does not make anything better or worse. - Marcus Aurelius
Your freedom must be bought in the currency of toil, tears and blood; a price all men can pay. - Unknown
The Emperor will not judge you by your medals and diplomas but by your scars. - Unknown
It's understanding that makes it possible for people like us to tolerate a person like yourself. - Unknown
Your days are numbered. Use them to throw open the windows of your soul to the sun. If you do not, the sun will soon set, and you with it. - Marcus Aurelius
The corrupt do not often appear evil. Look not to a person's face to find heresy, but to their actions - Unknown
If they are wise, do not quarrel with them; if they are fools, ignore them. - Epictetus
It is not death that a man should fear, but he should fear never beginning to live. - Marcus Aurelius
Never value the advantages derived from anything involving breach of faith, loss of self-respect, hatred, suspicion, or execration of others, insincerity, or the desire for something which has to be veiled and curtained. - Marcus Aurelius
We are at the mercy of whoever wields authority over the things we either desire or detest. If you would be free, then, do not wish to have, or avoid, things that other people control, because then you must serve as their slave. - Epictetus
What really frightens and dismays us is not external events themselves, but the way in which we think about them. It is not things that disturb us, but our interpretation of their significance. - Epictetus
How much time he gains who does not look to see what his neighbor says or does or thinks, but only at what he does himself, to make it just and holy. - Marcus Aurelius
Stop wandering about! You aren't likely to read your own notebooks, or ancient histories, or the anthologies you've collected to enjoy in your old age. Get busy with life's purpose, toss aside empty hopes, get active in your own rescue - if you care for yourself at all - and do it while you can. - Marcus Aurelius
It is better to do wrong seldom and to own it, and to act right for the most part, than seldom to admit that you have done wrong and to do wrong often. - Epictetus
The mind that is anxious about future events is miserable. - Lucius Annaeus Seneca
These reasonings do not cohere: I am richer than you, therefore I am better than you; I am more eloquent than you, therefore I am better than you. On the contrary these rather cohere, I am richer than you, therefore my possessions are greater than yours; I am more eloquent than you, therefore my speech is superior to yours. But you are neither possession nor speech. - Epictetus
When a man is proud because he can understand and explain the writings of Chrysippus, say to yourself, if Chrysippus had not written obscurely, this man would have had nothing to be proud of. - Epictetus
You are a little soul carrying around a corpse - Epictetus
Withdraw into yourself, as far as you can. Associate with those who will make a better man of you. Welcome those whom you yourself can improve. The process is mutual; for men learn while they teach. - Lucius Annaeus Seneca
A noble man compares and estimates himself by an idea which is higher than himself; and a mean man, by one lower than himself. The one produces aspiration; the other ambition, which is the way in which a vulgar man aspires. - Marcus Aurelius
Death is a cessation from the impression of the senses, the tyranny of the passions, the errors of the mind, and the servitude of the body. - Marcus Aurelius
You have power over your mind - not outside events. Realize this, and you will find strength. When you arise in the morning, think of what a precious privilege it is to be alive - to breathe, to think, to enjoy, to love. - Marcus Aurelius
Not to assume it's impossible because you find it hard. But to recognize that if it's humanly possible, you can do it too. - Marcus Aurelius
Remember that very little is needed to make a happy life. - Marcus Aurelius
Everything is banal in experience, fleeting in duration, sordid in content; in all respects the same today as generations now dead and buried have found it to be. - Marcus Aurelius
If someone can prove me wrong and show me my mistake in any thought or action, I shall gladly change. I seek the truth, which never harmed anyone: the harm is to persist in one's own self-deception and ignorance. - Marcus Aurelius
It is a great thing to know the season for speech and the season for silence - Lucius Annaeus Seneca
Don't go on discussing what a good person should be. Just be one. - Marcus Aurelius
First learn the meaning of what you say, and then speak. - Epictetus
Live a good life. If there are gods and they are just, then they will not care how devout you have been, but will welcome you based on the virtues you have lived by. If there are gods, but unjust, then you should not want to worship them. If there are no gods, then you will be gone, but will have lived a noble life that will live on in the memories of your loved ones - Marcus Aurelius
No one entrusts a secret to a drunken man; but one will entrust a secret to a good man; therefore, the good man will not get drunk. - Zeno of Citium
It's the truth I'm after, and the truth never harmed anyone. What harms us is to persist in self-deceit and ignorance. - Marcus Aurelius
If what you have seems insufficient to you, then though you possess the world, you will yet be miserable. - Lucius Annaeus Seneca
For it is not death or pain that is to be feared, but the fear of pain or death. - Epictetus
If you would cure anger, do not feed it. Say to yourself: 'I used to be angry every day; then every other day; now only every third or fourth day.' When you reach thirty days offer a sacrifice of thanksgiving to the gods. - Epictetus
Men exist for the sake of one another. - Marcus Aurelius
It is usually futile to try to talk facts and analysis to people who are enjoying a sense of moral superiority in their ignorance. - Thomas Sowell
The saddest aspect of life right now is that science gathers knowledge faster than society gathers wisdom. - Isaac Asimov
Competition is the law of the jungle, but cooperation is the law of civilization. - Peter Kropotkin
We learn from history that we do not learn from history. - Friedrich Hegel
My point, once again, is not that those ancient people told literal stories and we are now smart enough to take them symbolically, but that they told them symbolically and we are now dumb enough to take them literally. - John Dominic Crossan
What society does to its children, so will its children do to society. - Marcus Tullius Cicero
Collective fear stimulates herd instinct, and tends to produce ferocity toward those who are not regarded as members of the herd. - Bertrand Russell
It is curious that physical courage should be so common in the world, and moral courage so rare. - Mark Twain
The further a society drifts from the truth the more it will hate those who speak it. - George Orwell
All of your life, you will be faced with a choice. You can choose Love or Hate... I choose Love - Johnny Cash
It isn't manly to be enraged. Rather, gentleness and civility are more human, and therefore manlier. The nearer a man comes to a calm mind, the closer he is to strength. - Marcus Aurelius
I would like to see every single soldier on every single side, just take off your helmet, unbuckle your kit, lay down your rifle, and set down at the side of some shady lane, and say, nope, I aint a gonna kill nobody. Plenty of rich folks wants to fight. Give them the guns. - Woody Guthrie
To be trusted is a greater compliment than being loved. - George MacDonald
Intelligence is not to make no mistakes, but quickly to see how to make them good. - Bertolt Brecht
Politics is the entertainment division of the military industrial complex. - Frank Zappa
The modern conservative is engaged in one of man's oldest exercises in moral philosophy; that is, the search for a superior moral justification for selfishness. - John Kenneth Galbraith
The surest way to corrupt a youth is to instruct him to hold in higher esteem those who think alike than those who think differently. - Friedrich Nietzsche
Life is full of questions. Idiots are full of answers. - Socrates
If you only read the books that everyone else is reading, you can only think what everyone else is thinking. - Haruki Murakami
ehh, good enough - Mediocrates
Talent hits a target no one else can hit. Genius hits a target no one else can see. - Arthur Schopenhauer
What does the money machine eat? It eats youth, spontaneity, life, beauty, and, above all, it eats creativity. It eats quality and shits quantity. - William S. Burroughs
They muddy the water, to make it seem deep. - Nietzsche
Nothing is more despicable than respect based on fear. - Albert Camus
When a man can't find a deep sense of meaning, they distract themselves with pleasure. - Viktor Frankl
To be wealthy and honored in an unjust society is a disgrace. - Confucius
Let me never fall into the vulgar mistake of dreaming that I am persecuted whenever I am contradicted. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Unlike the stomach, the brain doesn't alert you when it's empty. - Arabic Proverb
Frederick Douglass taught that literacy is the path from slavery to freedom. There are many kinds of slavery and many kinds of freedom, but reading is still the path. - Carl Sagan
It is nothing to die. It is frightful not to live. - Victor Hugo
If you can convince the lowest white man he's better than the best colored man, he won't notice you're picking his pocket. Hell, give him somebody to look down on, and he'll empty his pockets for you. - Lyndon B. Johnson
To know what people really think, pay attention to what they do, rather than what they say. - Descartes
Real knowledge is to know the extent of one's ignorance. - Confucius
It is impossible for a man to learn what he thinks he already knows. - Epictetus
The man enslaved to wealth can never be honest. - Democritus
Anyone who has ever struggled with poverty knows how extremely expensive it is to be poor. - James Baldwin
There are two ways to be fooled. One is to believe what isn't true; the other is to refuse to believe what is true. - Soren Kierkegaard
He who allows oppression shares the crime. - Erasmus
When you see a good man, try to emulate his example, and when you see a bad man, search yourself for his faults. - Confucius
Whatever the cost of our libraries, the price is cheap compared to that of an ignorant nation. - Walter Cronkite
Control your emotions doesn't mean avoid your emotions. Feel your shit, understand your shit, but don't lose your shit. - The Captain
Accept the things to which fate binds you, and love the people with whom fate brings you together,but do so with all your heart. - Marcus Aurelius
Never let the future disturb you. You will meet it, if you have to, with the same weapons of reason which today arm you against the present. - Marcus Aurelius
Never value the advantages derived from anything involving breach of faith, loss of self - respect, hatred, suspicion, or execration of others, insincerity, or the desire for something which has to be veiled and curtained. - Marcus Aurelius
It is better to keep your mouth closed and let people think you are a fool than to open it and remove all doubt. - Mark Twain
There is but one solution to the intricate riddle of life; to improve ourselves, and contribute to the happiness of others. - Mary Shelley
The saddest aspect of life right now is that science gathers knowledge faster than society gathers wisdom. - Isaac Asimov
The world is a dangerous place, not because of those who do evil, but because of those who look on and do nothing. - Albert Einstein
Sometimes people don't want to hear the truth because they don't want their illusions destroyed. - Nietzsche
In capitalist society, spare time is acquired for one class by converting the whole life-time of the masses into labor time. - Marx, Capital
Two possibilities exist: either we are alone in the universe or we are not. Both are equally terrifying. - Arthur C. Clarke
Nobody is going to pour the truth into your head. It's something you have to find for yourself. - Noam Chomsky
If the misery of the poor be caused not by the laws of nature, but by our institutions, great is our sin. - Charles Darwin
You must have chaos within you to give birth to a dancing star. - Friedrich Nietzsche
I prefer liberty with danger than peace with slavery. - Jean-Jacques Rousseau
My mother used to tell me that poverty is not a sin, it is sin to be rich and humiliate others. - Fyodor Dostoevsky
The further a society drifts from the truth the more it will hate those who speak it. - George Orwell
The thief who has no opportunity to steal thinks he is an honest man
Blessed is the man who, having nothing to say, abstains from giving us wordy evidence of the fact. - George Eliot
When you love someone, you love the person as they are, and not as you'd like them to be. - Leo Tolstoy
Wrong does not cease to be wrong because the majority share in it. - Leo Tolstoy
Those wo don't know how to make love make War.
Even the darkest night will end and the sun will rise. - Victor Hugo
Happiness in intelligent people is the rarest thing I know. - Ernest Hemingway
Every man is guilty of all the good he did not do. - Voltaire
Nothing is more terrible than to see ignorance in action. - Goethe
Be bad, but at least don't be a liar, a deceiver. - Leo Tolstoy
He who controls the media controls the mind. - Noam Chomsky
You are what you do, not what you say you'll do. - Carl Jung
Fear doesn't exist anywhere except in the mind. - Dale Carnegie
Knowledge will give you power, but character respect. - Bruce Lee
Nobody realizes that some people expend tremendous energy merely to be normal. - Albert Camus
Until you make the unconscious conscious, it will direct your life, and you will call it fate. - Carl Jung
Once again, life had a lesson to teach me: It takes years to build up, it takes moments to destroy. - Haruki Murakami
Progress isn't made by early risers. It's made by lazy men trying to find easier ways to do something. - Robert Heinlein
An evil man will burn his own nation to the ground to rule over the ashes. - Sun Tzu
Sometimes people don't want to hear the truth because they don't want their illusions destroyed. - Friedrich Nietzsche
The master class has always declared the wars; the subject class has always fought the battles. The master class has had all to gain and nothing to lose, while the subject class has had nothing to gain and all to lose — especially their lives. - Eugene V. Debs
I gave up caring about anything, and all the problems disappeared. - Fyodor Dostoevsky
Many of the actions by which men have become rich are far more harmful to the community than the obscure crimes of poor men, yet they go unpunished because they do not interfere with the existing order. - Bertrand Russell
Painful is the stress when one cannot reproduce or convey vividly to others, however hard he tries, what he's experienced so intensely. - Haruki Murakami
I have never yet been able to find one consideration, one argument, or suggestion in favor of man's right to participate in civil government which did not equally apply to the right of woman. - Frederick Douglass
How unbearable at times are people who are happy, people for whom everything works out. - Anton Chekhov
Ask for work. If they don't give you work, ask for bread. If they do not give you work or bread then take bread. - Emma Goldman
Two things are infinite: the universe and human stupidity; and I'm not sure about the universe. - Albert Einstein
In order for non-violence to work, your opponent must have a conscience.
Where they have burned books, they will end in burning human beings. - Heinrich Heine
They Have Money For War But Can't Feed The Poor - Tupac Shakur
The hottest places in hell are reserved for those who, in times of great moral crisis, maintain their neutrality. - Dante Alighieri
Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it is time to pause and reflect. - Mark Twain
Service to others is the rent you pay for your room here on earth. - Muhammad Ali
Only a mediocre person is always at his best. - W. Somerset Maugham
Both optimists and pessimists contribute to society. The optimist invents the aeroplane, the pessimist the parachute. - George Bernard Shaw
The comfort of the rich depends upon an abundant supply of the poor. - Voltaire
Be alone, that is the secret of invention; be alone, that is when ideas are born. - Nikola Tesla
Practice what you preach or change your speech. - Hippocrates
An ounce of action is worth a ton of theory. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
An idiot with a plan can beat a genius without a plan. - Warren Buffet
you either talk about it and don't do it, or you do it and don't talk about it. - Humphrey Bogart
The very existence of flamethrowers proves that sometime, somewhere, someone said to themselves, 'You know, I want to set those people over there on fire, but I'm just not close enough to get the job done. - George Carlin
Disobedience is the true foundation of liberty. The obedient must be slaves. - Henry David Thoreau
You will live to see man-made horrors beyond your comprehension - Tesla
There is no sin so great as ignorance. Remember this. - Rudyard Kipling
Education isn't something you can finish. - Isaac Asimov
The pleasures of the mighty are obtained by the tears of the poor. - Samuel Richardson
You can easily judge the character of a man by how he treats those who can do nothing for him. - Goethe
A comfort zone is a beautiful place, but nothing ever grows there. - Unknown
Do just enough to get by. - Mediocretes
The deep critical thinker has become the misfit of the world, this is not a coincidence. To maintain order and control you must isolate the intellectual, the sage, the philosopher, the savant before their ideas awaken people. - Carl Gustav Jung
If anyone tells you that a certain person speaks ill of you, do not make excuses about what is said of you but answer, 'He was ignorant of my other faults, else he would have not mentioned these alone.' - Epictetus
We learn from history that we do not learn from history. - Friedrich Hegel
Never underestimate the power of stupid people in a large group. - George Carlin
My point, once again, is not that those ancient people told literal stories and we are now smart enough to take them symbolically, but that they told them symbolically and we are now dumb enough to take them literally. - John Dominic Crossan
What society does to its children, so will its children do to society. - Marcus Tullius Cicero
Imitation is the sincerest form of flattery that mediocrity can pay to greatness. - Oscar Wilde
To recommend thrift to the poor is both grotesque and insulting. It is like advising a man who is starving to eat less - Oscar Wilde, The Soul of Man
Competition is the law of the jungle, but cooperation is the law of civilization. - Peter Kropotkin (1842 - 1921)
Knowledge isn't free. You have to pay attention. - Prof Feynman
Civilized men are more discourteous than savages because they know can be impolite without having their skulls split. - Robert E. Howard (Conan the Barbarian)
He who is not angry when there is just cause for anger is immoral. Why? Because anger looks to the good of justice. And if you can live amid injustice without anger, you are immoral as well as unjust. - Saint Thomas Aquinas
Every word has consequences. Every silence, too. - Sartre
I cannot teach anybody anything. I can only make them think. - Socrates
It is usually futile to try to talk facts and analysis to people who are enjoying a sense of moral superiority in their ignorance. - Thomas Sowell
We regard wealth as something to be properly used, rather than as something to boast about. As for poverty, no one need be ashamed to admit it: the real shame is in not taking practical measures to escape from it. - Pericles
That makes me think, my friend, as I have often done before, how natural it is that those who have spent a long time in the study of philosophy appear ridiculous when they enter the courts of law as speakers. Those who have knocked about in courts and the like from their youth up seem to me, when compared with those who have been brought up in philosophy and similar pursuits, to be as slaves in breeding compared with freemen. - Plato
Understanding a question is half the answer. - Socrates
Good means not merely not to do wrong, but rather not to desire to do wrong. - Democritus
Do not spoil what you have by desiring what you have not; remember that what you now have was once among the things you only hoped for. - Epicurus
We must go for walks out of doors, so that the mind can be strengthened and invigorated by a clear sky and plenty of fresh air. At times it will acquire fresh energy from a journey by carriage and a change of scene, or from socializing and drinking freely. Occasionally we should even come to the point of intoxication, sinking into drink but not being totally flooded by it; for it does wash away cares, and stirs the mind to its depths, and heals sorrow just as it heals certain diseases. - Lucius Annaeus Seneca
The art of living well and the art of dying well are one. - Epicurus
Circumstances rule men; men do not rule circumstances. - Herodotus
There are few people so stubborn in their atheism who when danger is pressing in will not acknowledge the divine power. - Plato
He who is not contented with what he has, would not be contented with what he would like to have. - Socrates
Great things are won by great dangers. - Herodotus
In childhood be modest, in youth temperate, in adulthood just, and in old age prudent. - Socrates
Circumstances do not rise to meet our expectations. Events happen as they do. People behave as they are. Embrace what you actually get. - Epictetus
It is impossible for a man to learn what he thinks he already knows. - Epictetus
Know how to listen, and you will profit even from those who talk badly. - Plutarch
If any man is able to convince me and show me that I do not think or act right, I will gladly change; for I seek the truth by which no man was ever injured. But he is injured who abides in his error and ignorance. - Marcus Aurelius
Menon the Thessalian did not either conceal his immoderate desire of riches or his desire of commanding, in order to increase them, or of being esteemed for the same reason. He desired to be well with those in power, that his injustice might escape punishment. - Xenophon
God save me from fools with a little philosophy-no one is more difficult to reach. - Epictetus
False words are not only evil in themselves, but they infect the soul with evil. - Socrates
Excess of grief for the dead is madness; for it is an injury to the living, and the dead know it not. - Xenophon
It is part of a good man to do great and noble deeds, though he risk everything. - Plutarch
Luck is what happens when preparation meets opportunity. - Lucius Annaeus Seneca
It's silly to try to escape other people's faults. They are inescapable. Just try to escape your own. - Marcus Aurelius
Employ your time in improving yourself by other men's writings so that you shall come easily by what others have labored hard for. - Socrates
Do not act as if you had ten thousand years to throw away. Death stands at your elbow. Be good for something while you live and it is in your power. - Marcus Aurelius
We ought to esteem it of the greatest importance that the fictions which children first hear should be adapted in the most perfect manner to the promotion of virtue. - Plato
When you do anything from a clear judgment that it ought to be done, never shrink from being seen to do it, even though the world should misunderstand it; for if you are not acting rightly, shun the action itself; if you are, why fear those who wrongly censure you? - Epictetus
Neither worse then or better is a thing made by being praised. - Marcus Aurelius
A system of morality which is based on relative emotional values is a mere illusion, a thoroughly vulgar conception which has nothing sound in it and nothing true. - Socrates
The children now love luxury. They have bad manners, contempt for authority; they show disrespect for elders and love chatter in place of exercise. - Socrates
Strong minds discuss ideas, average minds discuss events, weak minds discuss people. - Socrates
Poverty is the parent of revolution and crime. - Aristotle
The man who has planned badly, if fortune is on his side, may have had a stroke of luck; but his plan was a bad one nonetheless. - Herodotus
It is well to be up before daybreak, for such habits contribute to health, wealth, and wisdom. - Aristotle
We do not so much need the help of our friends as the confidence of their help in need. - Epicurus
It is not so much our friends' help that helps us as the confident knowledge that they will help us. - Epicurus
Anyone can become angry -- that is easy. But to be angry with the right person, to the right degree, at the right time, for the right purpose, and in the right way -- this is not easy. - Aristotle
It is godlike ever to think on something beautiful and on something new. - Democritus
Good habits formed at youth make all the difference. - Aristotle
All men are made one for another: either then teach them better or bear with them. - Marcus Aurelius
Then where is harm to be found? In your capacity to see it. Stop doing that and everything will be fine. - Marcus Aurelius
It's one thing not to care what other's think. It's another not to own a mirror. - Ancient Viking Proverb
One ought to examine himself for a very long time before thinking of condemning others. - Moliere
You will have no sensation of a leash around your neck if you sit by the peg. It is only when you stray that you feel the restraining tug. - Michael Parenti
Wise men talk because they have something to say; Fools, because they have to say something. - Plato
A wise man makes his own decisions. An ignorant man follows public opinions. - Chinese Proverb
We know they are lying, they know they are lying, they know we know they are lying, we know they know we know they are lying, but they are still lying. - Aleksandr Isayevich Solzhenitsyn
Scratch any cynic and you will find a disappointed idealist. - George Carlin
If a man knows more than others, he becomes lonely. - Carl Jung
It's the truth I'm after, and the truth never harmed anyone. What harms us is to persist in self-deceit and ignorance. - Marcus Aurelius
The best way to keep a prisoner from escaping is to make sure he never knows he's in prison. - Fyodor Dostoevsky
We should forgive our enemies, but not before they are hanged - Heinrich Heine
The man who asks a question is a fool for a minute, the man who does not ask is a fool for life. - Confucius
The hands that help are better far than lips that pray. - Robert Green Ingersoll
He who laughs at himself never runs out of things to laugh at. - Epictetus
A man is not finished when he is defeated. He is finished when he quits. - Epictetus
The oppressor would not be so strong if he did not have accomplices among the oppressed. - Simone de Beauvoir
First the man takes the drink, then the drink takes the man. - Old Irish Saying
A fool contributes nothing worth hearing and takes offense at everything. - Aristotle
A fool is known by his speech; and a wise man by silence. - Pythagoras
It's not that we have a short time to live, but that we waste a lot of it. - Seneca
Religion is what keeps the poor from murdering the rich. - Napoleon Bonaparte
People do not decide their futures, they decide their habits and their habits decide their futures. - F. M. Alexander
Historically, the most terrible things; war, genocide, and slavery have resulted not from disobedience but from obedience - Howard Zinn
Armies are necessary, before all things, for the defense of governments from their own oppressed and enslaved subjects. - Leo Tolstoy
People speak sometimes about the "bestial" cruelty of man, but that is terribly unjust and offensive to beasts, no animal could ever be so cruel as a man, so artfully, so artistically cruel. - Fyodor Dostoevsky
Nobody in the world, nobody in history, has ever gotten their freedom by appealing to the moral sense of the people who were oppressing them. - Assata Shakur
Expecting is the greatest impediment to living. In anticipation of tomorrow, it loses today. - Lucius Annaeus Seneca
The less talent they have, the more pride, vanity and arrognace they have. All these fools, however, find other fools who applaud them. - Erasmus
How can i blame the wind for the mess it made, if it was me who opened the window. - navaaziza
Belief in a cruel God makes a cruel man. - Thomas Paine
Cruel men believe in a cruel God and use their belief to excuse their cruelty. - Bertrand Russell
Whenever someone says they did something 'like a boss', I assume that means they didn't do it at all and are merely taking credit for it. - Bill Murray
Youth is a blunder; manhood a struggle; old age a regret. - Benjamin Disraeli
Blessed is the man who expects nothing, for he shall never be disappointed. - Alexander Pope
I belong to no religion. My religion is Love and every heart is my temple. - Rumi
If you want to reach a large audience, appeal to idiots - Schopenhauer
I drink to make other people more interesting. - Ernest Hemingway
I don't care that they stole my idea. I care that they don't have any of their own. - Nikola Tesla
Whoever does wrong, wrongs himself; whoever does injustice, does it to himself, making himself evil. - Marcus Aurelius
All things from eternity are of like forms and come round in a circle. - Marcus Aurelius
Every saint has a past, and every sinner has a future - Oscar Wilde
You won't find the same person twice, not even in the same person. - Mahmoud Darwish
Imitation is the sincerest form of flattery that mediocrity can pay to greatness - Oscar Wilde
To recommend thrift to the poor is both grotesque and insulting. It is like advising a man who is starving to eat less - Oscar Wilde
Wrong does not cease to be wrong because the majority share in it. - Leo Tolstoy
He who is not angry when there is just cause for anger is immoral. Why? Because anger looks to the good of justice. And if you can live amid injustice without anger, you are immoral as well as unjust. - Saint Thomas Aquinas
If anyone tells you that a certain person speaks ill of you, do not make excuses about what is said of you but answer, 'He was ignorant of my other faults, else he would have not mentioned these alone.' - Epictetus
Nothing is more terrible than to see ignorance in action. - Goethe
French Arristocracy in 1804: Those Haitians are not freedom fighters, they are terrorists. White Conservatives in 1835: Those slaves are not freedom fighters, they are terrorists. Dutch Nobles in 1949: Those Indonesians are not freedom fighters, they are terrorists. Zionists in 2025: Those Palestinians are not freedom fighters, they are terrorists. - politicsinthewild