Accept the things to which fate binds you, and love the people with whom fate brings you together,but do so with all your heart. - Marcus Aurelius
Never let the future disturb you. You will meet it, if you have to, with the same weapons of reason which today arm you against the present. - Marcus Aurelius
Never value the advantages derived from anything involving breach of faith, loss of self - respect, hatred, suspicion, or execration of others, insincerity, or the desire for something which has to be veiled and curtained. - Marcus Aurelius
It is better to keep your mouth closed and let people think you are a fool than to open it and remove all doubt. - Mark Twain
There is but one solution to the intricate riddle of life; to improve ourselves, and contribute to the happiness of others. - Mary Shelley
The saddest aspect of life right now is that science gathers knowledge faster than society gathers wisdom. - Isaac Asimov
The world is a dangerous place, not because of those who do evil, but because of those who look on and do nothing. - Albert Einstein
Sometimes people don't want to hear the truth because they don't want their illusions destroyed. - Nietzsche
In capitalist society, spare time is acquired for one class by converting the whole life-time of the masses into labor time. - Marx, Capital
Two possibilities exist: either we are alone in the universe or we are not. Both are equally terrifying. - Arthur C. Clarke
Nobody is going to pour the truth into your head. It's something you have to find for yourself. - Noam Chomsky
If the misery of the poor be caused not by the laws of nature, but by our institutions, great is our sin. - Charles Darwin
You must have chaos within you to give birth to a dancing star. - Friedrich Nietzsche
I prefer liberty with danger than peace with slavery. - Jean-Jacques Rousseau
My mother used to tell me that poverty is not a sin, it is sin to be rich and humiliate others. - Fyodor Dostoevsky
The further a society drifts from the truth the more it will hate those who speak it. - George Orwell
The thief who has no opportunity to steal thinks he is an honest man
Blessed is the man who, having nothing to say, abstains from giving us wordy evidence of the fact. - George Eliot
When you love someone, you love the person as they are, and not as you'd like them to be. - Leo Tolstoy
Wrong does not cease to be wrong because the majority share in it. - Leo Tolstoy
Those wo don't know how to make love make War.
Even the darkest night will end and the sun will rise. - Victor Hugo
Happiness in intelligent people is the rarest thing I know. - Ernest Hemingway
Every man is guilty of all the good he did not do. - Voltaire
Nothing is more terrible than to see ignorance in action. - Goethe
Be bad, but at least don't be a liar, a deceiver. - Leo Tolstoy
He who controls the media controls the mind. - Noam Chomsky
You are what you do, not what you say you'll do. - Carl Jung
Fear doesn't exist anywhere except in the mind. - Dale Carnegie
Knowledge will give you power, but character respect. - Bruce Lee
Nobody realizes that some people expend tremendous energy merely to be normal. - Albert Camus
Until you make the unconscious conscious, it will direct your life, and you will call it fate. - Carl Jung
Once again, life had a lesson to teach me: It takes years to build up, it takes moments to destroy. - Haruki Murakami
Progress isn't made by early risers. It's made by lazy men trying to find easier ways to do something. - Robert Heinlein
An evil man will burn his own nation to the ground to rule over the ashes. - Sun Tzu
Sometimes people don't want to hear the truth because they don't want their illusions destroyed. - Friedrich Nietzsche
The master class has always declared the wars; the subject class has always fought the battles. The master class has had all to gain and nothing to lose, while the subject class has had nothing to gain and all to lose — especially their lives. - Eugene V. Debs
I gave up caring about anything, and all the problems disappeared. - Fyodor Dostoevsky
Many of the actions by which men have become rich are far more harmful to the community than the obscure crimes of poor men, yet they go unpunished because they do not interfere with the existing order. - Bertrand Russell
Painful is the stress when one cannot reproduce or convey vividly to others, however hard he tries, what he's experienced so intensely. - Haruki Murakami
I have never yet been able to find one consideration, one argument, or suggestion in favor of man's right to participate in civil government which did not equally apply to the right of woman. - Frederick Douglass
How unbearable at times are people who are happy, people for whom everything works out. - Anton Chekhov
Ask for work. If they don't give you work, ask for bread. If they do not give you work or bread then take bread. - Emma Goldman
Two things are infinite: the universe and human stupidity; and I'm not sure about the universe. - Albert Einstein
In order for non-violence to work, your opponent must have a conscience.
Where they have burned books, they will end in burning human beings. - Heinrich Heine
They Have Money For War But Can't Feed The Poor - Tupac Shakur
The hottest places in hell are reserved for those who, in times of great moral crisis, maintain their neutrality. - Dante Alighieri
Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it is time to pause and reflect. - Mark Twain
Service to others is the rent you pay for your room here on earth. - Muhammad Ali
Only a mediocre person is always at his best. - W. Somerset Maugham
Both optimists and pessimists contribute to society. The optimist invents the aeroplane, the pessimist the parachute. - George Bernard Shaw
The comfort of the rich depends upon an abundant supply of the poor. - Voltaire
Be alone, that is the secret of invention; be alone, that is when ideas are born. - Nikola Tesla
Practice what you preach or change your speech. - Hippocrates
An ounce of action is worth a ton of theory. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
An idiot with a plan can beat a genius without a plan. - Warren Buffet
you either talk about it and don't do it, or you do it and don't talk about it. - Humphrey Bogart
The very existence of flamethrowers proves that sometime, somewhere, someone said to themselves, 'You know, I want to set those people over there on fire, but I'm just not close enough to get the job done. - George Carlin
Disobedience is the true foundation of liberty. The obedient must be slaves. - Henry David Thoreau
You will live to see man-made horrors beyond your comprehension - Tesla
There is no sin so great as ignorance. Remember this. - Rudyard Kipling
Education isn't something you can finish. - Isaac Asimov
The pleasures of the mighty are obtained by the tears of the poor. - Samuel Richardson
You can easily judge the character of a man by how he treats those who can do nothing for him. - Goethe
A comfort zone is a beautiful place, but nothing ever grows there. - Unknown
Do just enough to get by. - Mediocretes
The deep critical thinker has become the misfit of the world, this is not a coincidence. To maintain order and control you must isolate the intellectual, the sage, the philosopher, the savant before their ideas awaken people. - Carl Gustav Jung
If anyone tells you that a certain person speaks ill of you, do not make excuses about what is said of you but answer, 'He was ignorant of my other faults, else he would have not mentioned these alone.' - Epictetus
We learn from history that we do not learn from history. - Friedrich Hegel
Never underestimate the power of stupid people in a large group. - George Carlin
My point, once again, is not that those ancient people told literal stories and we are now smart enough to take them symbolically, but that they told them symbolically and we are now dumb enough to take them literally. - John Dominic Crossan
What society does to its children, so will its children do to society. - Marcus Tullius Cicero
Imitation is the sincerest form of flattery that mediocrity can pay to greatness. - Oscar Wilde
To recommend thrift to the poor is both grotesque and insulting. It is like advising a man who is starving to eat less - Oscar Wilde, The Soul of Man
Competition is the law of the jungle, but cooperation is the law of civilization. - Peter Kropotkin (1842 - 1921)
Knowledge isn't free. You have to pay attention. - Prof Feynman
Civilized men are more discourteous than savages because they know can be impolite without having their skulls split. - Robert E. Howard (Conan the Barbarian)
He who is not angry when there is just cause for anger is immoral. Why? Because anger looks to the good of justice. And if you can live amid injustice without anger, you are immoral as well as unjust. - Saint Thomas Aquinas
Every word has consequences. Every silence, too. - Sartre
I cannot teach anybody anything. I can only make them think. - Socrates
It is usually futile to try to talk facts and analysis to people who are enjoying a sense of moral superiority in their ignorance. - Thomas Sowell
We regard wealth as something to be properly used, rather than as something to boast about. As for poverty, no one need be ashamed to admit it: the real shame is in not taking practical measures to escape from it. - Pericles
That makes me think, my friend, as I have often done before, how natural it is that those who have spent a long time in the study of philosophy appear ridiculous when they enter the courts of law as speakers. Those who have knocked about in courts and the like from their youth up seem to me, when compared with those who have been brought up in philosophy and similar pursuits, to be as slaves in breeding compared with freemen. - Plato
Understanding a question is half the answer. - Socrates
Good means not merely not to do wrong, but rather not to desire to do wrong. - Democritus
Do not spoil what you have by desiring what you have not; remember that what you now have was once among the things you only hoped for. - Epicurus
We must go for walks out of doors, so that the mind can be strengthened and invigorated by a clear sky and plenty of fresh air. At times it will acquire fresh energy from a journey by carriage and a change of scene, or from socializing and drinking freely. Occasionally we should even come to the point of intoxication, sinking into drink but not being totally flooded by it; for it does wash away cares, and stirs the mind to its depths, and heals sorrow just as it heals certain diseases. - Lucius Annaeus Seneca
The art of living well and the art of dying well are one. - Epicurus
Circumstances rule men; men do not rule circumstances. - Herodotus
There are few people so stubborn in their atheism who when danger is pressing in will not acknowledge the divine power. - Plato
He who is not contented with what he has, would not be contented with what he would like to have. - Socrates
Great things are won by great dangers. - Herodotus
In childhood be modest, in youth temperate, in adulthood just, and in old age prudent. - Socrates
Circumstances do not rise to meet our expectations. Events happen as they do. People behave as they are. Embrace what you actually get. - Epictetus
It is impossible for a man to learn what he thinks he already knows. - Epictetus
Know how to listen, and you will profit even from those who talk badly. - Plutarch
If any man is able to convince me and show me that I do not think or act right, I will gladly change; for I seek the truth by which no man was ever injured. But he is injured who abides in his error and ignorance. - Marcus Aurelius
Menon the Thessalian did not either conceal his immoderate desire of riches or his desire of commanding, in order to increase them, or of being esteemed for the same reason. He desired to be well with those in power, that his injustice might escape punishment. - Xenophon
God save me from fools with a little philosophy-no one is more difficult to reach. - Epictetus
False words are not only evil in themselves, but they infect the soul with evil. - Socrates
Excess of grief for the dead is madness; for it is an injury to the living, and the dead know it not. - Xenophon
It is part of a good man to do great and noble deeds, though he risk everything. - Plutarch
Luck is what happens when preparation meets opportunity. - Lucius Annaeus Seneca
It's silly to try to escape other people's faults. They are inescapable. Just try to escape your own. - Marcus Aurelius
Employ your time in improving yourself by other men's writings so that you shall come easily by what others have labored hard for. - Socrates
Do not act as if you had ten thousand years to throw away. Death stands at your elbow. Be good for something while you live and it is in your power. - Marcus Aurelius
We ought to esteem it of the greatest importance that the fictions which children first hear should be adapted in the most perfect manner to the promotion of virtue. - Plato
When you do anything from a clear judgment that it ought to be done, never shrink from being seen to do it, even though the world should misunderstand it; for if you are not acting rightly, shun the action itself; if you are, why fear those who wrongly censure you? - Epictetus
Neither worse then or better is a thing made by being praised. - Marcus Aurelius
A system of morality which is based on relative emotional values is a mere illusion, a thoroughly vulgar conception which has nothing sound in it and nothing true. - Socrates
The children now love luxury. They have bad manners, contempt for authority; they show disrespect for elders and love chatter in place of exercise. - Socrates
Strong minds discuss ideas, average minds discuss events, weak minds discuss people. - Socrates
Poverty is the parent of revolution and crime. - Aristotle
The man who has planned badly, if fortune is on his side, may have had a stroke of luck; but his plan was a bad one nonetheless. - Herodotus
It is well to be up before daybreak, for such habits contribute to health, wealth, and wisdom. - Aristotle
We do not so much need the help of our friends as the confidence of their help in need. - Epicurus
It is not so much our friends' help that helps us as the confident knowledge that they will help us. - Epicurus
Anyone can become angry -- that is easy. But to be angry with the right person, to the right degree, at the right time, for the right purpose, and in the right way -- this is not easy. - Aristotle
It is godlike ever to think on something beautiful and on something new. - Democritus
Good habits formed at youth make all the difference. - Aristotle
All men are made one for another: either then teach them better or bear with them. - Marcus Aurelius
Then where is harm to be found? In your capacity to see it. Stop doing that and everything will be fine. - Marcus Aurelius
It's one thing not to care what other's think. It's another not to own a mirror. - Ancient Viking Proverb