One ought to examine himself for a very long time before thinking of condemning others. - Moliere
You will have no sensation of a leash around your neck if you sit by the peg. It is only when you stray that you feel the restraining tug. - Michael Parenti
Wise men talk because they have something to say; Fools, because they have to say something. - Plato
A wise man makes his own decisions. An ignorant man follows public opinions. - Chinese Proverb
We know they are lying, they know they are lying, they know we know they are lying, we know they know we know they are lying, but they are still lying. - Aleksandr Isayevich Solzhenitsyn
Scratch any cynic and you will find a disappointed idealist. - George Carlin
If a man knows more than others, he becomes lonely. - Carl Jung
It's the truth I'm after, and the truth never harmed anyone. What harms us is to persist in self-deceit and ignorance. - Marcus Aurelius
The best way to keep a prisoner from escaping is to make sure he never knows he's in prison. - Fyodor Dostoevsky
We should forgive our enemies, but not before they are hanged - Heinrich Heine
The man who asks a question is a fool for a minute, the man who does not ask is a fool for life. - Confucius
The hands that help are better far than lips that pray. - Robert Green Ingersoll
He who laughs at himself never runs out of things to laugh at. - Epictetus
A man is not finished when he is defeated. He is finished when he quits. - Epictetus
The oppressor would not be so strong if he did not have accomplices among the oppressed. - Simone de Beauvoir
First the man takes the drink, then the drink takes the man. - Old Irish Saying
A fool contributes nothing worth hearing and takes offense at everything. - Aristotle
A fool is known by his speech; and a wise man by silence. - Pythagoras
It's not that we have a short time to live, but that we waste a lot of it. - Seneca
Religion is what keeps the poor from murdering the rich. - Napoleon Bonaparte
People do not decide their futures, they decide their habits and their habits decide their futures. - F. M. Alexander
Historically, the most terrible things; war, genocide, and slavery have resulted not from disobedience but from obedience - Howard Zinn
Armies are necessary, before all things, for the defense of governments from their own oppressed and enslaved subjects. - Leo Tolstoy
People speak sometimes about the "bestial" cruelty of man, but that is terribly unjust and offensive to beasts, no animal could ever be so cruel as a man, so artfully, so artistically cruel. - Fyodor Dostoevsky
Nobody in the world, nobody in history, has ever gotten their freedom by appealing to the moral sense of the people who were oppressing them. - Assata Shakur
Expecting is the greatest impediment to living. In anticipation of tomorrow, it loses today. - Lucius Annaeus Seneca
The less talent they have, the more pride, vanity and arrognace they have. All these fools, however, find other fools who applaud them. - Erasmus
How can i blame the wind for the mess it made, if it was me who opened the window. - navaaziza
Belief in a cruel God makes a cruel man. - Thomas Paine
Cruel men believe in a cruel God and use their belief to excuse their cruelty. - Bertrand Russell
Whenever someone says they did something 'like a boss', I assume that means they didn't do it at all and are merely taking credit for it. - Bill Murray
Youth is a blunder; manhood a struggle; old age a regret. - Benjamin Disraeli
Blessed is the man who expects nothing, for he shall never be disappointed. - Alexander Pope
I belong to no religion. My religion is Love and every heart is my temple. - Rumi
If you want to reach a large audience, appeal to idiots - Schopenhauer
I drink to make other people more interesting. - Ernest Hemingway
I don't care that they stole my idea. I care that they don't have any of their own. - Nikola Tesla
Whoever does wrong, wrongs himself; whoever does injustice, does it to himself, making himself evil. - Marcus Aurelius
All things from eternity are of like forms and come round in a circle. - Marcus Aurelius
Every saint has a past, and every sinner has a future - Oscar Wilde
You won't find the same person twice, not even in the same person. - Mahmoud Darwish
Imitation is the sincerest form of flattery that mediocrity can pay to greatness - Oscar Wilde
To recommend thrift to the poor is both grotesque and insulting. It is like advising a man who is starving to eat less - Oscar Wilde
Wrong does not cease to be wrong because the majority share in it. - Leo Tolstoy
He who is not angry when there is just cause for anger is immoral. Why? Because anger looks to the good of justice. And if you can live amid injustice without anger, you are immoral as well as unjust. - Saint Thomas Aquinas
If anyone tells you that a certain person speaks ill of you, do not make excuses about what is said of you but answer, 'He was ignorant of my other faults, else he would have not mentioned these alone.' - Epictetus
Nothing is more terrible than to see ignorance in action. - Goethe
French Arristocracy in 1804: Those Haitians are not freedom fighters, they are terrorists. White Conservatives in 1835: Those slaves are not freedom fighters, they are terrorists. Dutch Nobles in 1949: Those Indonesians are not freedom fighters, they are terrorists. Zionists in 2025: Those Palestinians are not freedom fighters, they are terrorists. - politicsinthewild